a smiling woman with a black smear across her face holds an umbrella.
two fighters facing off in a boxing ring with a crowd watching.
the woman applauds from her table.
the biker left a cloud of dust while wearing his white suit with his green pants.
a plethora of people are sitting by that yellow building.
there are more than two people waiting.
a man is carrying a toolbox.
bearded man playing an acoustic guitar
a group of young people celebrating under a very large red tent.
man dancing
a woman is dancing in a field
multiple underpants on ground near a shelter.
a man jumps of the empire state building.
a book on his bike
a dog is racing around a corner.
a man in a blue cap eats a hotdog.
a balding man in a gray jacket reads the newspaper while riding on public transportation.
this man is at the casino
the people are trying to recruit the batter.
people are waiting for a concert.
there are police officers working.
many students are dancing under a disco ball.
a man sitting in a green chair and a little girl in a purple and pink dress.
woman outside in a bright red sweater.
a woman has a glass in one hand while another does not.
multiple children are with books
several people walking in front of a building with yellow lettering.
a man watches a doctor perform heart surgery.
the older woman is walking on the street.
a man on stage shows his cue card to his friend.
a little boy in a red outfit is on a man's shoulders.
there are trees next to the market.
a man is working on his computer at home.
the car is stopped at a red light.
the troops salute their captain.
a man with fishing poles behind him sits on a bench.
a halftime show at the football game.
the fountain is beautiful
two sisters are having a friendly chat.
a baseball game
the owners are facing away from their dogs.
an elderly man sits on a ledge with both of his shoes off.
the guys are at the park.
a group of protesters hold a banner with their massage on it.
guy skating on ice had a nice jump
person driving a car by a movie entrance
a baseball player throws a ball.
a surgeon is being helped by several other surgeons.
three men working in a shop by stocking items
people are at a snowy yard sale looking for great deals.
two pieces of wood are on fire.
a woman in a focus group is caught starring off into space.
a little girl is chopping down a tree
two men with rowing in water
a man is putting on a bra.
a shark eats a woman
a woman dressed in clothes with short legs and a top is taking a picture.
a small boy is playing by a river
a man in a choir robe is standing at a microphone while the choir sits behind him.
two young men are checking out at a grocery store.
the baseball player catches the ball and closes the game.
the blond girl is outside.
the adults are wearing costumes.
a girl with a boy standing behind her is stepping into a swimming pool
a person walks past two brick buildings.
a man is typing on a keyboard in a lab.
a woman makes a drawer out of cardboard.
2 girls in tank tops and sunglasses enjoying the beautiful day.
men look at restaurant
a person relaxing on a sofa out on the sidewalk.
a resort
the boy that is pulling ears is laughing.
an indian man is wearing a red shirt and jeans and is scaling a rock wall with a blue harness on.
a man in a group of people is taking a photo.
a worker writes a note by hand.
the woman is attending a party.
boy was dared to touch light
woman wearing a grass skirt.
two men sitting on a bench where one has his head in his lap and a large yellow bag next to him.
the kids are all outside playing.
they are playing in the water.
"a girl riding a red bicycle in red heels and leg warmers, carrying takeout in a bag."
a woman is doing the makeup of a another woman who is going to be in a magazine photo shoot.
tall men skating.
there is gravel at the end of the slide.
people are playing ball on an outdoor court.
a man in a blue shirt scowls as he stands on a city street.
a middle-aged caucasian man is driving a postal van.
a bunch of people have their hands in their pockets.
a man is kissing a woman on the sidewalk near two bikes while couple is walking a dog.
llamas skateboard.
a child is making a book.
two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something.
two women stand in the shop.
a teenage mops the floor in a hallway.
the thin man is refueling his smart car.
a man is wearing a tshirt
a group of people touring a desert on camels.
the man is singing as well.
a woman is sitting on a couch looking at the screen of her laptop.
man riding a bicycle with a basket
"three butterfly swimmers in a pool, coming towards the viewer."
a dog bites the tail of another dog.
the people are waiting to pose infront of a camel statue.
a crowd scene with pigeons in a plaza.
man looking at the moon!
a boy is playing on the beach.
the woman is singing to an audience
the umpire is not paying attention to the game.
two teams of kids are playing a playoff game.
a military man is leaning on a wall.
a woman plays her violin outside.
some children are learning how to pretend to be dead from adults who are afraid of bears.
a group of people pose for a photograph.
two men attend a costume party.
guys on motorbikes are riding.
a woman standing in a group of people in an office like setting.
a girl in jeans and a shirt.
dog running fast
people outside watch something.
the old man has no cart.
a plane is taxiing next to some water
a group of people sit in chairs
an old woman stealing a motorcycle.
"a woman and a kid are making a snow sculpture, as a dog lays on the ground next to them."
a man and two women are alone in a room.
the moon is shining overhead.
spectators watch as the golf tournament progresses.
the girls are swimming in the surf.
a blonde woman is smoking and drinking and there is music playing.
the dog is chasing the tennis balls.
a man with dreeds wearing large black sunglasses
a man poses for a picture.
there is a group of people walking up a staircase.
the men waited for their boss to clear the pool of dangers.
football players are getting wet.
the two motorcyclists challenged each other to a race.
the man is playing with the dog
the older couple prepare to drive the covered wagon in the annual parade.
nobody is crying
a man is sitting on the side of the street waiting for his friend.
a woman wearing a red tank top is lifting two dumbbells at the gym.
a little girl with light colored hair is not indoors.
a baby is eating food in a highchair.
a child in a yellow dress sits on the rocks.
a man is practicing his violin.
a small band dressed as peasants performs in the street.
people doing yoga on a wii in the house.
two men standing around talking by a city street.
the people have been cremated.
the boy in the helmet is rollerblading.
the pilot is at home.
the lady is seductively posed.
person midst air wearing parachute
a woman is waiting on her date for the formal.
the women are throwing flowers at each other.
the man is reading a romance novel.
there is a boy playing in water.
a man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert.
a woman with her head uncovered sits on the floor
the man is staring down the street while holding something white in his hands.
the man is holding a wooden bat.
a man is out on a walk.
a couple is reflected in a window.
a boy is running in the snow.
a picture of basketball players during a game in the rain.
woman makes a face while playing the board game clue.
two moped riders are driving on a nighttime road while another vehicles zooms past.
the person is warming up for a tennis match.
"the girls are outside, playing in the sand."
two men are wearing uniforms.
a group of children are having a picnic at a park table.
a man relaxing indoors.
everyone is using tablets to work.
a girl eats taffy for a snack.
there is a hummingbird in motion.
a woman is reading a magazine
a man in a blue shirt ballroom-dancing with a woman in a white dress.
a young boy stands on the table.
this is an aerial shot of people sitting outside in chairs on a patio and drinking.
a man playing drums on upside down jugs.
gentleman sweeping stone steps.
there is dirt on the ground.
a surfer demonstrating his skills to others.
a female gymnast is performing a pose that requires her right hand to be placed on the floor between her right knee and left foot.
people sliding down a hill on a sled.
a shirtless man sings while playing his ukulele.
a woman is looking through a pair of bincoculars.
two players from the same team are fighting each other on the ground.
two men are on fire.
the surfer fell into a big wave.
the boy is playing in a park setting.
a man in white face paint makes a woman laugh.
people watching cats in a youtube video.
a girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic.
women at a bar watching hockey match.
a man is running through a field in the sunshine.
a man is playing tennis with his family.
the police cars are not needed
the lady in shades wore a costume.
a man in a gray shirt and camouflage pants looks through a telescope in the day time.
the dolphins are doing a show for the visitors.
the festival is a big party.
the woman gesticulates
a woman is hiking a cliff.
the people are enjoying the roller coaster as it goes through loops.
the group was wearing jeans and shirts while bending over the wood.
a person with face paint.
the children are climbing into the treehouse.
the refrigerators are in the room.
a dancer is sleeping in a field.
they are posing for a picture
the police officers are riding horses.
the dogs are wide awake.
a guy in a black shirt is rocking on a set of drums.
a woman in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning on the wall
various people sit on strips of grass that punctuate a cement tiered landscape.
guys walking on a stone ledge
a man with glasses is having a conversation.
girl cooking dinner.
woman in a lab
the man is running naked across the football field.
two girls are looking at the scene.
a young boy playing baseball.
a pair of twins in a playful fight.
an elderly man is working on metal on a hot day.
the man is running at top speed
lots of people play in the water at the beach.
a dog pounces on a toy.
a blond-haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball.
people are eating sushi.
two angry guys take a picture.
a woman and a man climbing to a tree house.
the people are smoking.
two young boys go swimming in the pool.
a child uses makeup on another child and there is a third child nearby.
people are walking on a sidewalk in front of a restaurant.
a young man is wearing clothes.
the males are together.
citizens attend a hearing at court.
the stylist works on a woman's hair while she reads a magazine.
workers are mixing drinks at a bar.
soccer teams are standing on a green pitch and are surrounded by a large stadium.
four men are hanging out in front of a building.
children playing with a pig
two women are having their nails painted.
a view of a beach littered with debris from broken chairs.
a man watches a game of football with a large crowd of people.
the goose is flying out of the water.
an elderly man waiting for elderly woman as his companion
three kids are sitting on the porch.
the sea is calm with no waves today.
three asian female pedestrians on a city street after going to a starbucks at one point.
the man is playing frisbee at the park.
two women wearing sleeveless dresses are moving.
a dog is on the beach.
a person skis poorly.
the group is inside.
a young man with a blue jacket sits on his skateboard.
some people eat nothing inside a house.
two men are making food.
two guys crying over spilled beer.
young girl in black pant and a white shirt stands in front of water performing a swan like ballerina movement.
a person is standing under an umbrella after a downpour after her trip to the mall.
the girl shoots a basket.
a lonely old man is studying some ruins
the men are doing tricks on the motorcycles.
a group of people surf on a very large wave.
a boy is playing in water outside.
some people and their bicycles lined up at the dock near the water.
a man is riding his purple bike through the crowded area.
a man and boy are playing chess.
the runner is sweaty.
two men are walking down a crowded street
the girl cries as she rides the rides
the woman is wearing a bright orange construction worker vest.
a baby is on the floor.
a man works in a barn.
someone is on a subway.
a black dog is sitting under a tree.
the racer is driving.
the people are in the ganges river.
"two wrestlers, one wearing mainly red and the other mainly blue are on a mat in a wrestling position."
women are walking
"a woman, wearing glasses and a black shirt, is soldering a small black piece with a green top."
these people are in a room.
the group is running a marathon.
the male is blind.
observers stare at a giant christmas tree on the sidewalk.
there are five children sitting in folding chairs.
someone at the beach paid to have the heart written by a plane for his girlfriend.
people are at a restaurant.
the young person has a backpack and is walking.
little boy in blue practicing his batting skills.
a man goes sideways in the air to hit a beach volleyball.
a man is enjoying a pipe.
a woman eats a piece of pie.
a dog has on a thinking cap.
the little boy rides his bicycle in a race.
a security officer watches the tv
the two women were running around.
team members from the winning team head over to talk to their coach.
a child is playing at the community pool with friends.
the two men in the picture are not talking to one another.
"a couple of players in a basketball game, guarding each other."
the man in a brown shirt is juggling in front of a crowd of people.
the man is a billionaire.
many humans revolt as they step down the road.
a person is carried by other people.
a man poses with his hands in different positions.
a person jumping off the boat into the water
a man is conversing with his coworker.
two cats take a nap.
the guy wearing the black shirt and sweater was looking down
the man on the sidewalk peered into the store.
a toddler walking through an old building in a blue outfit.
the lady is riding a donkey.
a man is walking past a latin american produce shop.
a man works on a bicycle
a man is observing people at a dinner party.
two people are being pulled by dogs on a sled through the park.
the children are indoors watching tv.
a punk plays violin.
an asian girl in glasses is laying in a deep pit of snow to make snow angels.
there is a person skiing
the men are near their golf cart.
a person wears a kilt and holds a flag.
a large group of kids are seated next to eachother on the bleachers.
a dog is running to get the ball.
a man sitting at a table
the lake is frozen.
the hallway is luxurious.
asian woman walking across a crosswalk in the street.
a baby is trying to find it's mom by looking out of it's bed.
some people stand on a wall.
a man sells magazines at a magazine stand in asia.
a person likes flowers.
4 older men playing hacky sack.
there is a boy doing a hand-stand.
people are playing fetch with their dog.
the man is by the church.
a kid in a bright red bouncy castle.
man in a suit and tie making a presentation.
a man in a blue and black jersey and missing one foot hits a volleyball from a sitting position.
tennis player is serving on a grass court at 126 kilometers per hour to defeat opponent.
two dogs frolic together in the snow
two people are laying in the grass as they enjoy nature and watch the clouds.
a woman standing in an alley.
a woman in front of a large clock.
cowboy at a rodeo hurls his lasso at a young bull.
three co-workers are walking back to work from lunch.
a woman looks at the stars with a telescope.
he is selling candles at his stand
the sitting boy waits outside for the bus as people walk by.
a woman walks past a glamour store as she holds her black purse.
the german sheppard dog was playing with a red ball.
three men are breaking horses.
the man is very weak.
three children are in a house.
a boy is playing in the ocean.
the little girl in the red dress is looking at a book with her mother.
a man is outside with his son.
this picture is 50 years old
the man was sitting on the chair.
there is a child riding a horse
some ladies are looking at materials on a table.
"four females, one of which is a child wearing a mask in a pink shirt."
five military personnel in blue pants with brass instruments.
people are sitting in a circle and talking to each other.
people sit on the pier at the edge of the water.
"a crowd of people seen from above, several are holding cameras."
a man is airborne behind his bike whilst holding onto the handlebars as he attempting a jumping stunt.
a man rides a gondola through the canals of italy
a lot of people walking through a narrow city street.
a person checks out equipment to make sure its working properly.
we cannot see the face of the girl with the white t-shirt and blue jeans.
a man has his face covered by a mask.
a man holds straw goods to sell
a man bowls a strike at the tournament.
a shoeless bald man in blue jeans leaning relaxed with his hands on his head.
a man in a fedora is carrying a manilla folder.
a young woman distributes belongings into a black box.
the child had a long day.
two people working at food booth
they are at fenway park.
a man with sunglasses walking in a park.
a child jumps on a beach ball.
"two dogs, one holding something in its mouth, in the snow."
the man wrapped in cloth has fallen into the river.
the man is dressed formally.
the man is preparing food
boy firing a gun in a shooting range.
the men are sneezing.
several people walking down the street wearing pink fluffy headbands
a photographer takes pictures of a model for a magazine.
the is nobody singing
a man and his dog are waiting for his kids to come out of the building
two people on bikes were going too fast.
she is eating.
the groups stands near a bonfire.
the boy kicked the ball
a woman is buying things for a dinner party.
the woman walk along the sandy beach.
the two man are wearing matching clothes
a girl inside alone.
two men are sleeping in reclining chairs in some kind of medical or dental facility.
the man prepares to step out into dodger's stadium.
there are cars on the road.
the men are bowling
people stand in a liquor store.
cheerleaders get into a pyramid formation.
a boy on a basketball court tries to kick the soccer ball wearing flip-flops.
a man in a stone street painting a picture while children are milling about
the guy laying on the grass is getting a sunburn.
a man is smiling
the boy is eating chinese soup.
a woman in white pants stands in some grass.
a woman in a scarf can been seen through a window
there are two women walking outdoors.
the person wearing 53 is in first place.
four girls are walking down the sidewalk.
the trees are bare.
"a man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground, with a group of walking people in the distance."
a swimmer from germany is sitting near the edge of the pool.
asian people at a rescue shelter.
a large man is sitting on a bench next to a subway sign.
the pillow was red.
three woman together
a man is pushing a yellow bike.
a white man is eating alone inside a restaurant.
a woman in gray working on painting the numbers to her house on the sidewalk.
the women are preparing dinner.
they tried to remove a boy.
a tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball with his racquet.
people are eating chocolate cake
an old man is playing football in the superbowl.
a child taking a bath
the woman has a bag filled with fruit from the market.
"there is a little boy, playing with pokemon cards."
football players teams on a field in action.
a man is staring at an electronic device.
the young man has his legs wrapped around a female.
a man in a white shirt and a tie is speaking to people.
dogs talking to each other
the group of musicians are performing a concert.
crowd of people at the club mostly dressed in black.
teen athletes are resting on a bench after their run.
a man is carrying a canoe to the water.
bikers are gathering for a party.
the man cannot see well
a man is wearing a shirt and smoking pot.
a man in a coat is looking through the eyepiece of a microscope.
running and playing instruments is hard
a young woman is outside
a woman is playing with a toy sword.
two rival trams have a final rugby showdown at a park
the baby boy is holding a snail.
a donkey carting greens and two people on a street.
a man holding a book stands in front of a wall crowded with objects and pictures.
"a man with a striped shirt is about to give a bath to a baby he is holding across his lap, in front of a little blue bathtub."
a group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.
this is a hawk sitting in a tree
two boys are playing one on one basketball.
two people are running outside.
a person wearing a red shirt sitting in the middle of fresh fruit and vegetables.
two women are in a car.
there's a blindfolded man swinging a stick at a pinata.
a couple scrub the kitchen floor.
a lady wearing a black hoodie is standing near an old rusty truck
only one person is visible.
a man has a little boy in red shirts on his shoulders
the skateboarders will have a picnic in the park.
three women in dark shawls and hats talk on a brick street while a dog sits next to them.
a man fixes his car.
the boy is riding a tractor.
she took a pic of the bridge before she left
they are at a party
the man is near umbrellas.
the man is stoking the fire.
a climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall
the man is standing near the desk.
"one lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake."
a man lying on the beach under an umbrella.
the man is repairing the child's skateboard in their garage.
father and son are making a sand castle.
a man is playing taps at a funeral.
"at a large gathering, there is a rock concert going on."
these people are playing basketball outdoors.
two chefs are deciding whether or not to purchase some beef for their daily special.
"a dark-haired woman sews a camouflage colored garment on a sidewalk, in front of a graffiti-covered fence."
"a father and daughter holding a young tree upright, ready to be planted, as the son stands to their side wielding a shovel."
the baby is sleeping.
an individual in a salmon colored polo shirt and jean shorts rides a small tractor outside.
a person paraglides at sundown.
the two people are at the beach.
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth.
two player have football
two men with guitars and one with a microphone stand on a stage in front of a small group of people.
a vehicle is racing on a track.
two surgeons are performing an operation.
a family sits down in the living room
a woman in a hard had is working in a lift.
five men are sitting down and holding hands.
a married couple poses for a picture in a restaurant.
a man and woman are waiting impatiently for a waiter to arrive.
a boy riding on a swing.
a dancer is performing a dance move.
a woman in a pantsuit stands outside without an umbrella.
a boy is hitting a piata.
three college-aged students eat a meal.
the woman is hiding from a wild animal.
saint peter fumes behind his golden gate.
a boy steals a football from other boys
a woman decides to walk across the grass instead of using the sidewalk to get to her destination.
a teenager is holding a young boy making silly faces
some small animals
an old man is smoking by sitting in the steps.
the person is outside taking photos.
a baby is getting his first bath.
the man is at a desk looking at a computer screen.
a young woman about to take a drink from her beverage while sitting in front of flowers.
two dogs are standing by the lake.
a bird lands on an empty window frame
a bird is fleeing a predator
a young girl is working on progress in her karate school.
a group of people celebrate their birthday's in a restaurant.
the windows are dirty.
the men are cooking on the grill.
they are having a peaceful conversation.
a sports player in a tight red shirt is falling to the ground.
a dog hangs out in some water
a man in a dark jacket is playing an instrument.
bearded man sitting on a bench next to a boat.
a woman paints a tree with watercolors.
some people enjoying local activities on downtown.
fast people playing
two soccer players are vying for the ball.
a woman is taking an important call on her cell phone as she walks down the street.
the woman is worried about her safety.
the blond woman in the jean jacket clenched her fists as she walked away.
people are sitting down to have a dinner
the man is doing work.
the worker is assessing the job site after a tree has been damaged and broken.
they are flying off the ramps.
the person singing is also playing an instrument
a biker performs a trick in the air.
a man was climbing a ladder up the cliff.
three workers are walking out of their burning building during a fire.
a guy is in the soccer game.
there is a black and white dog running on a mat with a man in a blue shirt watching.
rollerblader off the ground above a ramp.
people watch a group of runners on the street.
the two asian girls are crying while running.
the woman is chasing after her son.
one person touches their lips to another's skin.
a man is in the subway.
there is a woman in a brown jacket leading a black horse.
football players get ready for an event.
they are on stage.
two people float through the air on a red and white glider.
a woman is walking under planes.
the giraffe has spots on it's face and neck.
a group of asian men and women take a picture.
a lady entertaining a audience.
children playing indoor bathroom
a man with tattoos is getting dressed.
people walk up and down a crowded market area.
the man is skiing with red jacket
"a man works on the wheel of a bicycle in a workshop, likely to repair a broken one."
a baby is at a parade for her community.
the airplane is flying to chicago.
the skateboarder is wearing skate shoes.
there is a dog playing indoors.
the little girl has a stick in her hand.
"people are walking on the slippery road in winter, and there are two dogs: black and yellow."
man holds a resume.
the man is taking a break from rollerskating in the park.
several people are walking through a movie theater.
four people stand with their dogs in a field.
a bicyclist jumping a trick on a bike
the woman is wearing a pink pant suit.
a skateboarder performs an aerial trick amongst dingy-looking walls with power lines crisscrossing the background.
some people are crying and upset at the party.
a group of people at their desk
a man with a crewcut hula hooping.
a man takes a break to eat his lunch.
the man is looking for a place to rob.
a car is speeding down the street
two gentlemen in green scrubs are talking to a third man on the street in front of an eatery.
the man is wading in water.
two people are hugging
a man buys a plane ticket online.
live music is being played.
this man is riding a bicycle with a coca-cola basket on the back down a dirt road.
kids are engaged with one another.
the man is talking to the children.
two garbage workers sitting down.
a lady is out for a run
no one wants to play ball with tony
the man is making a scene.
the girl is in the lake.
a man is painting a wall to cover graffiti.
the yankees' third baseman starts to drop the bat before running to first base.
the man is an alien who just landed on this planet.
the boy in the blue shirt is riding a bike on a track.
older man in a plaid shirt leaning in a restaurant.
the children are taking a break after walking up steps.
the red team will cause a riot.
the dog is running towards their owner.
a person getting well groomed.
the people are sitting on the couch inside.
two humans are cooking together.
the woman is attempting tricks on a skateboard.
a man looks at the produce section.
a person sits and works at a handicraft.
the girl anticipated being hit with a hammer.
two men stand in front of a restaurant.
two guys with nipple piercings are smiling.
workers are picking squash.
a man is ordering food while leaning on a counter with his friend
people with their arms in the air.
workers treat fabric in outdoor pools of dye.
the performer sings a new song written by her band member.
three people are posing for a camera.
an adult happily putting goggles on a girl.
the two players stood on the soccer field.
the children are riding in the bus going home.
the man is acting out a scene from a book for the children.
a young woman wearing a red shirt stands in a soccer goal and kicks a ball.
beautiful lights accent trees on a dark night.
young adults are proud of cleaning up.
nobody is relaxing.
a brown dog dominates a black dog.
a black dog stands on a hill.
children play in the snow
the man is leaning back.
they are all on the stage.
an orange truck is seen as food trucks line up on a street.
a giant monster truck leaps over crushed cars and into the air inside the arena.
adults and children frolic on the shoreline of a beach.
the booths are only on one side of the street.
women are in a city together.
one team is about to score
"a man with a long black hair and beard, wearing a black shirt, is euthanizing the polar bear."
several dogs sleep in the hospital parking lot.
there is a game.
the people are at a football game.
a person is enjoying the view outside.
man stretching in an urban environment
a brown dog and pink doll sitting on a bed.
a man is busy at work examining photographs.
a boy on a scooter.
a man blows a giant bubble for a crowd of people.
two men are competing with each other in a video game.
a young man wearing a blue jacket is turning his head.
the children are chopping down a tree.
a woman is posing for a photograph.
a terrier runs to find his boy.
a young boy and girl are sitting together at a table and coloring pictures with crayola crayons.
two eggs being cooked
"older man standing next to a green, yellow and white taxi."
the boy in green is in a crowd.
a man sits in a chair hoping to catch a butterfly with a net
a rodeo clown distracts a bull away from a bull rider.
three women with big blond-hair singing on stage.
people dressed in green and white dancing
the dog has on a collar.
the child is running in the park.
a man is talking to children
can't swim in a waterfall
the girls are selling socks outside of a market.
a young child with a blue shirt is watching an arcade game in progress.
the couple is enjoying the weather.
some men are inside
men wearing safety vests ride a life raft.
some people are having a large party on the coast.
two people are surfing a wave in front of the shoreline.
the choir is dressed in black.
a person jumping high in the air on a snowboard.
a teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game.
people gathering near the front of a house with a wall that has a picture of a man riding a horse.
"the earth, water, and sky have made this a terrible spot"
a dog burrowing in the dirt trying to get an orange ball.
a little boy is looking at his gifts on christmas morning.
the children's boots are pink.
a man is going to eat food.
the young man is eating a bucket of fried chicken.
a person wearing purple walking down a street.
men cleaning the ceiling in a museum.
a boy is wearing jeans and jumping.
a man is using a welding machine.
a boy trying to reach the top
the mother and child are sight seeing.
a woman by a fountain enjoying the day.
a man wearing a hat trimming a plant.
a man and woman are sitting down and holding hands.
two boys buying cotton candy.
a young boy picks up a paintbrush and grins.
a man crouches down and a little girl stops on the sidewalk.
"softball player on second base, preparing to catch a ball."
two band memebers play the guitar really well.
the labrador retriever watches his owner sailing.
2 men are working the crane
a man in a jacket is pulling a horse.
a man looks nervous
a blond tennis player in action on a grass court.
a baby drools on a dog.
the snowboarder was outdoors.
the shirtless man is going for a swim at the pool.
a group of smiling people sit around a man with a guitar.
a man with a bare bald head is standing outside.
a homeless man is sleeping on a box.
dogs are fighting each other in the grass.
a runner in a black and white top is smiling.
girl is listening to her earbuds.
pedestrians walking on the road to their school
the woman has a net
people are on the golden gate bridge.
the men are on mars.
"a woman dances by herself as many people, in formal attire, watch."
"a man in a blue shirt pulls a boat to the shore with the help of a man in a red shirt, a woman in a white shirt, and a child."
"two girls are wearing different outfits, and one is blowing a kiss to her mother."
a woman with a white head cover rides a bike on the sidewalk in a city.
a man and a woman are walking in a street.
girls are showing off pictures of their dogs.
there is chinese young man and young lady standing in front of a white table with plants on them.
two people play instruments on stage.
a blond kid with no shirt stares out a glass door.
the man is at the airport.
two kids sticking their tongues out at each other underwater.
a man dressed as a woman walking the streets.
a girl is playing outside
a man and woman are selling fruits and vegetables in america.
a boy throws his yellow plastic sand shovel in anger when his mother grabs his hand to go
a woman touches herself.
a woman is in the woods
people enjoy shopping fresh produce at a farmers market.
one man is carrying another.
the it guy is fixing the computer.
a woman and her son play at the beach on his birthday
people hanging up a volleyball net.
a guy and a female with drinks in hand.
the woman is sketching an animal.
there are several runners racing on a grassy surface with a blue tent behind them.
a guy in green is rollerskating on a narrow strip.
a kid is playing a game
a man takes a jog down the sidewalk to buy something
there is someone in a parking lot.
the girl is outside.
the crowd is watching a futuristic vehicle driving.
the two players are ignoring the ball.
the boy is wearing pants
a woman holding a baby stare at a crowd of pigeons.
three people put up a batting cage.
there are five people near a motor home.
women smile as they cross the street
a young boy is asleep at a table with his face on a plate.
people are looking in the hole.
a women's bicycle race is taking place in the city with lots of speculators.
a man walks in front of a store at night.
kids are holding signs
a woman is sowing an indian artifact for an upcoming festival.
a clown is doing a flip
"i am very thirsty, let me drink water."
criminals are being photographed in a lineup.
the man is stressed out and smoking outside.
a lady in a martial arts competition
"a man in a black and yellow jacket is snowboarding, while others stand in the background."
a woman is sunbathing on the beach to enjoy the sun.
the two boys are playin by the small stage
the person takes a picture.
a man is zesting lemons
several people are at a produce stand.
a bride and her bridesmaids are posing for a picture.
man carrying garbage bag full of cans.
a musician in the streets is wearing a pair of shorts and styling a mohawk.
the women are practicing mime.
the man is a teacher doing an expirement.
a woman is teaching a yoga course.
nobody is hitting
four women are sleeping in front of the camera.
thre are five adults.
three humans burst out of the tent.
male friends hang out at their favorite restaurant.
old people sit on the porch.
a waitress in a mexican style restaurant is serving a group of people at one of her tables.
the man is playing the tuba at home.
the young man is riding the skateboard at the park.
the baby is in a suitcase.
the man playing the accordion has drawn a large audience.
the boy is hanging from the wall while a picture is being taken.
dogs running through field
an african american gets a haircut.
a boy takes something from a box being held by a man in a bunny suit.
a child going into water.
they are celebrating graduation
three children playing outside.
a man is laying down on a sofa.
a bunch of laptops are in a circle around a person
the two men are butchers and have popular high quality beef.
young lady shares a cookie.
three guys sitting outside at a job site.
a snowboarder at the top of a slope reaches down to grab his board while in midair.
a man is making a blanket to sell.
a man is throwing a ball with his son.
a male is on a busy street
"the dog owner is on the course, also."
a smiling man holding sticks and fire stands on the shoulders of another smiling man.
a man is using a crane to lift pipes onto a boat.
the crowded bus of people is making many stops.
a man with a large helmet plays rock music to a small child underwater.
a busy urban scene with a circular fountain.
the girls are going to perform a dance for the people outside.
two girls are hugging.
there are many motorcycles on the street
two women are inside of a store.
the group of children are at school.
there were a lot of families in the park.
a woman in a small pink bikini chats on a cellphone while a man looks on outside a city shop.
a man has gloves on.
people leaning on a railing.
the little girl is wearing a long dress and sitting on a bus.
people are dancing and enjoying the live music.
two children are sitting inside.
the man is wearing a blue fedora.
the contruction workers are getting wet.
this city street looks like it is in london.
people enjoying the immediate outdoors.
"a group of indian men demonstrate the act of sleeping to 3 school children, a young boy, and two young girls."
the girls with a pierced lip and cap is standing next to a man with a beard and a black cap.
the woman is sitting by the pool.
a girl carries cotton home.
a dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree.
three singers with hard hats are posing with a live alligator.
"two people are jumping on a trampoline, on the stairs, while talking."
there are no people around the trolley
a man in blue striped shirt stands behind two doors.
the mountain was large and dangerous.
a young boy eats a piece of cake.
the chihuahua is walking across the sand to get his toy.
a child in a red and white jacket running in the desert.
"group of people in the background playing guitars and drums, as a band."
the machine the woman is working on is new.
turtles are sunning themselves on a log.
a man is thinking about his next camera shot for his film.
there are birds in the bush.
a halftime show performance.
man and child in yellow kayak
the monkey is new.
a man take photographs of a flowery field.
the man in the barber chair is typing on a computer.
there are people with produce in the market.
he is wearing a green helmet.
man holds up large seafood platter
the little boy is sitting on the bench with his poster.
a crowd of people walk around.
two elderly women are looking into a display case of items for sale.
school lets out.
three people walking on rocks near a stream
a man is setting himself on fire.
a person busily examines objects.
a kid waiting at the door for his dad to return from his trip to get smokes 3 years ago.
a woman in a bikini runs down a beach.
the child is small enough to fit in a backpack.
the dogs run and play on the field.
a tractor is on the hill.
female dont like planting
the dogs are playing in the pond.
a man with a backpack and red shirt is kneeling in front of a pile of posters.
the man in the gray shirt and sandals is pulling the large tricycle.
a girl plays soccer.
a worker cuts down a forest
the path is in the woods.
she just had a boob job and is showing them off
two women are having a good time.
"a sheltie runs through the forest with his tongue out, mouth open."
they are all swimming
a man climbs a wall.
horses participate in a long race.
girls are playing jump-rope.
a person is grabbing part of his body.
the mountain goat roars loudly
there is a tie game
the three young men are outside.
a man climbs through trees like a monkey.
three children wielding shovels are in front of a large mound of snow.
two girls sit together in silence.
an actress walking around the set.
a group of men are standing at attention during the national anthem.
the people were in the sauna relaxing
a man is wearing pants.
there is a criminal in the back of a police van.
a racer turns the corner.
the building is a hospital.
young girl standing on beach
some people are walking a pair of dogs.
two brown dogs rough house outside.
some childrens in the swimming pool
the man is taking a nap
five men in a laboratory are looking through microscopes.
a man is too tired to keep climbing.
a woman cooks food.
a man is posing with a lawn mower.
a couple people sit in a tent.
the boys are 10 years old
girl at the starting line of a race at school
the woman and her daughter are in china painting chinese symbols on the cemenet
an older african-american male is playing an electric guitar in the public street.
a girl reading off her essay that's due soon while working on her laptop.
a family drives their car toward the mountains.
two girls take a nap
a few people stranded overlook the water
a band playing cello's outside in front of a group of people.
the photographer is taking a picture of his kids at play.
a young boy wearing a blue shirt reaches towards the sign.
a mountaineer is scaling a mountain.
a mother rocking her daughter to sleep in her bedroom.
the guy doing a wheelie down the street on his quad catches the attention of the group.
male tennis player with tattoo on left arm in position to hit the ball with onlooker sitting down.
a woman wearing a hat white shirt and blue jeans is standing on a sidewalk looking at something while people walk by.
two people are friendly.
a kid is trying to climb a big rock.
the people are asian.
the parents attempt to eat while taking care of their baby at the resturant.
a man is riding a red and black bike.
jimi hendrix is asleep on his tour bus.
a man is juggling fire sticks.
the children are on a school trip at the aquarium.
a woman holding flowers at the wedding.
three men in team uniforms are surrounding a yellow dog in a boat.
an indian family looks out over the water.
a girl looks out past a railing
the woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall.
the guy is walking away from his vehicle.
the people are looking at a poster of ronaldo
a man is on injured on the floor while others watch as he waits for medics to arrive.
a girl is making a painting on the sidewalk with people watching
iceland is in the tropics.
a dog moves upward.
a man watching another man do a kissing pose
there are people in a soccer field.
a gentleman is inside.
the backpack is open.
a woman is trying to collect water.
a man sitting on a bench with his bike next to him.
some humans in uniform.
a dirty young man is asleep in front of a garage.
four people playing soccer at a distance.
a girl throws a yellow ball.
three musicians perform on their guitars while singing.
a man in a hat taking a break from work.
the 6 people are all wearing different color shirts.
kids are holding flags
dogs are on the beach moving.
"british actors in a park, including an actor dressed as a news caster."
two basketball players are on the court.
a couple of people picking up things
a puppy is leaping off of a staircase.
the man is holding a tray of drinks.
a black singer is playing guitar at an amphitheater with his bassist.
a boy does a handstand in his yard.
man wearing black surfing a wave.
"two children kneel down on a wood floor to inspect toys, books, and other small items."
a skateboarder is jumping from a ramp.
the two hikers are watching tv
a male in a crowd of humans talking while outside smoking.
an oriental woman smokes a cigarette.
a man with a hat and goggles is standing by a car that has just been dug out of the snow.
the men are playing an arcade game.
the bears are outside.
a woman is protecting herself with an umbrella
a cow licks a salt lick.
boys and girls standing barefoot in a line.
a man playing the piano.
the skateboarders fall down
two men with a hand on each other's back and one man is looking up.
the person is under the sea
the girl is at the library.
a woman is standing in front of a glass door in a red dress.
a girl's feet are exposed.
there are two women on stage.
"four children on a trampoline, in a snow covered area."
"a group of people wearing coats and sweaters are shopping at produce and deli stands; one stand has a purple sign that says ""tripe""."
the three young boys are relatives.
a race car is between hy barriers near the start arch.
customers are sitting at a restaurant.
two people are doing some kind of weird exercise.
four girls are looking at a book.
the workers in rubber boots ate all the fish
a group standing inside a bar.
a person playing on a rope swing.
a human with hair.
men on a bike transporting various sizes of metal buckets.
a little boy stands infront of a tube slide.
a ukranian man performs a dance in a costume on stage at the talent competition.
a man is jumping backwards and the progression is shown in slow motion freeze frames.
the young man is sitting down.
a body modifier enjoys a beer while relaxing on a nice sunny day.
a guy is playing with four water hoses.
a man is walking through new york.
