a smiling woman with a black smear across her face holds an umbrella.
the man and woman are wearing hats.
"two people are standing, and looking at some trees."
a woman standing in front of her blue camaro with nathalie's dollhouse in the background.
two monks walk down the stairs.
a man with a buzz cut walks on a football field.
a small child is playing in a tutu
the old men hate music.
the diverse group of passengers were riding the tour bus down the street
there is a girl skating.
"a man wearing dark sunglasses is jumping his bike over a road, in a forest."
a person in a robe and apron is cutting bread on a table.
a woman plays an instrument.
a woman is dancing in a white dress with orange trim while a man stands to the side of her with his hat clutched to his chest with a crowd looking on behind them.
two men performing on instruments.
a man is not working with tools.
a man attempts to hold onto his horse
the little boy went to school.
a small child sleeps heavily.
a passenger jet lands on a black runway.
a dog jumping upside down in front of a man.
the inside of the truck is visible.
the groundskeeper accesses the health of vegetation.
the woman cuts the squash in half.
there is a little boy in this picture.
they are enjoying the sun
a man talking on a phone.
a child in a red shirt is sitting on his father's shoulders.
many are confused.
a large group of people standing indoors
the humvee is in a garage.
the man wearing a green jacket is riding a bike through deep snow.
a young man in a blue shirt is doing tricks with a skateboard.
a dog is rolling under a pole.
a woman walks through a bad neighborhood.
a little boy is riding a bike.
a white man is playing golf alone.
a drama team putting on a performance
a young boy shows excitement.
the biker gets stuck.
the balloon is shaped as an animal.
someone is going up a mountain.
a child plays on a jungle gym.
a boy in a red shirt sits indoors twiddling his thumbs
a dog is flying through the air on a snowboard as the wind picks up some snow.
"a christian man in a vest that states ""repent of sin turn to christ"" is holding a sign in a busy crowd in a boardwalk that states"" jesus saves from hell."""
people are holding american flags.
some children are sitting on rafts in a lake.
a woman smiling at a man on the street.
the people jump in the air when the picture is taken.
the woman holds the ball while a girl jumps over it.
cyclists are walking their bicycles through a tunnel.
a man is eating a cow alive.
a girl makes a face and wears a shirt
there is no place to buy food on the street.
two women are riding bicycles.
an athlete is making progress to the finish line.
a young child leads a large dog on the shore.
"the asian man is playing a cover of ""imagine"" by john lennon."
a child is outside in view of an animal.
men stand in formation
two boys are roasting a pig in the snow
a man barbecues in a red apron.
two people are playing video games
the man is sitting on the couch inside his house.
a man is on top of rock looking at a city.
three people are on the street.
two dirt bike rides during a competition.
"two people sit on folding chairs while a third stands, on a lawn near a grill."
a picture of somebody under blue water.
the girl is coloring in her coloring book on the picnic table next to the pool
the lady is holding a cake.
a couple is watching the water.
they are working to fix the train.
the boy is looking at the ground.
a man stands in snow
"a muslim woman in glasses, wearing a red shirt and purple burka, stands with her back to the camera, leaning against a wall."
a man walks a few feet in front of a family.
a man and his pup.
an older man in a blue shirt is spooning a substance onto objects while a woman is wearing a blue shirt in the background.
a man is standing on a mountain
a woman is testing out new makeup on her face.
person riding down mountain
a man is sitting on a bench
the man stands on the bleachers.
a professional diver performing a dive in front of a small crowd on a sunny day.
the ox are attached to a plow.
"some people are standing, some walking, and one riding a bike, in a paved alleyway."
a black man in a blue shirt joyously holds a metal bar
the person in the wheelchair is laughing.
a child is near a pond.
a girl sitting by the beach.
2 woman surfers carrying their boards across the beach.
a woman sits on a chair in a field for a photoshoot.
people are gathered for a photograph at a wedding.
person winning the race
two girls and two boys walking in a park.
man in a yellow shirt and woman in a white shirt stand next to burger cart
a gray-haired man washing windows on a building.
a small black and brown cat.
a damaged looking comcast billboard that contains a cartoon lion.
a man in army dress shows a picture from a book.
a woman in a blue shirt pushes a bicycle contraption with a baby in it.
some people are walking inside a building.
a man with a hat and suspenders is walking through cornfields toward a silo in the background.
a person of authority sitting on a motorcyle wearing a white helmet and yellow vest outside.
a swimmer is performing a flip
a dog chases a white animal on a green lawn.
teenagers smoke cigarettes in a field.
two girls are standing outside.
a woman hula hoops.
a family is having a picnic and it starts raining.
a man walks on the sidewalk and is heading to the water to take a swim.
there are a bunch of pigeons walking on the ground.
the women are hitting the volleyball across the net
the crowd enjoys the drumming.
the child is playing basketball outside.
the group of men are about to get intoa  fight
a man performing a concert
a man in a large red truck.
guy wearing a uniform for football.
"a couple of children that are outside, trying on civil war era outfits."
two girls practice hair braiding
people standing together
the man is a hippie
a man is waiting for his wife to be done at the nail salon.
two women are walking down the boardwalk to the beach.
black man in a striped shirt painting a white pickett fence.
a man heads towards a business meeting with his notes.
people set fire to a forest with lanterns in the year 4300
baby boy kneeling on knees in front of welchs vending machine.
a woman is getting ready for a date.
two dogs bite each other
a group of people are burning stuff.
people are singing in front of the elderly in a retirement home.
a woman and child at an outdoor market.
a girl is on a slide
a man in a yellow shirt is laying on the sidewalk.
women sitting on the beach.
there are seven skiers in the group.
there are male acrobats waiting.
people in the market picking out and looking at fruit.
two people stand on the pier looking at the ocean and embrace.
three women are outdoors
the man is wearing a cap
the bicyclists are racing
the people are washing a dog.
a boy is climbing next to a sign.
dancers fall of a collapsing stage.
a japanese athlete takes out his gun during a competition.
a man and some bubbles.
there are some people playing a game.
they talk about the weather
a ballplayer has a bat
the man is riding a horse down a ski slope.
"a person with a blue coat and white furry hat is sitting by a building, holding a dog in her blue and black mittens"
the girls are sitting in a circle.
the woman are hungry.
the girl in the white dress is going down the blue slide and laughing.
the police officer is chasing someone.
an english man in semi formal dress is trying to find his way to the bank in hong kong.
the quarterback goes to school in florida.
four people sit and listen to a man
he is working on a doghouse.
"5 children, 2 boys and 3 girls, share food while sitting outside of a building."
the crowd watches the horse.
a group of boys are in the street.
"this is a four-way stop featuring three cars, one cyclist, and two pedestrians."
player about to throw a ball.
"two large dogs, one light colored and one dark, running through snowy terrain."
the horse and its rider are winning the competition.
a large crowd is attending a political rally.
the man is making a speech.
two construction workers are bent over and straddling a metal i-beam.
there is a kid in a blue shirt and shorts with a dog.
someone is making yarn with an old wheel.
a woman is looking out the window up at the sky.
the two kids are posing for a picture during their vacation.
"a man wearing a blue shirt, standing on a ladder; painting a building."
a surfer riding the top of a wave in the ocean.
a man in a blue shirt is walking and there is a blue bucket that can be seen.
people are on the side of the road.
a guy is riding in a competition.
the man hurt himeself while skateboarding.
a woman ironing a blue cloth
the dog got a bath in the house
a person in a black shirt and baseball cap is applying filler to a trench in the floor.
a little asian boy plays basketball.
two different species of animals.
the man is a contractor.
the boy is swinging a rope at the girl.
a waiter serving cake to some people.
the woman takes a drag.
the students are taking a beginners' yoga class.
the guy is pushing a train.
a man is watching another person sitting in front of a canvas painting.
a girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing.
there is a man standing by a cart and dog.
a man and a girl are sitting together.
a child is reading a brochure about trains while sitting down.
a shot is taken by a basketball player.
a mother and son play at a family picnic.
the stop sign is in front of the building.
the man is taking his laundry to the laundry mat.
a male is wearing a white shit while standing next to a building.
people are putting up lanterns
a man in a hat is laughing on a joke
a group of people hangout by a booth with a white big device.
dog on a rock next to water.
the men are working with the piles of wood.
a woman reads the paper while waiting for the train to chicago.
a dog is in a cage with a muzzle on.
a group of 4 african-american children are sitting on stools in front of a bar that has iron bars restricting access.
the woman was standing on the couch
a mom helping her son.
a girl playing tic-tac-toe on a sidewalk with a piece of chalk
there are people in running clothes
a man is on his truck.
five cricket players are lounging on the grass.
the woman are looking at a man eating plant.
there is a group of people that went to a carnival.
a group of people hanging out outside.
the playground only has a sandbox.
a man cycles on a mountain bike through a dusty path wearing white gloves and a helmet
six cheerleader have pompoms.
two dogs chasing a receding wave.
one person is riding alone.
the winning dog took the lead shortly after this scene.
a kid laments he cannot swim because he just ate.
one of the bears has fur sticking up.
too women are about to eat dinner with their friends.
the tv is showing a rugby match.
two men are running opposite directions of one another.
the coat is warm.
a woman in a green top is going somewhere.
a street vendor selling hot dogs.
a skier goes down the mountain.
the workers are at the beach relaxing.
the football teams are all male.
the man wearing army pants and a black shirt is wearing shoes.
the woman and child are at burger king
the girl never sleeps.
a man never stands outside.
runners pass a check point in the city.
a woman in a gray top has her reflection caught in the bathroom mirror.
kids are participating in a 100 meter dash.
"a small child reaches out to touch some sort of gadget, in front of a colorful wall."
a man is leading a three piece band
a man leads his dog into a field.
the cattle is lassoed by a person.
some females are leaning against a car while someone capture their image.
a man wearing a low cut dress walking with other men.
a man wearing has a juggling act.
a white man works with some large machinery indoors
a kid wearing a green tunic hikes through the woods
the man is entertaining children.
a older bald man waves a sign furiously at bored looking on goers.
children are drawing a picture for their moms.
a dog chases a ball across the grass
a young lady in a striped shirt is waiting for the young lady with blond-hair who is writing.
a child is playing on a swing set.
older man with large white beard and sunglasses fills plastic bags.
a woman is breastfeeding while running.
a man is holding a hammer
a short asian lady is doing the dishes in the kitchen of her small apartment.
a man in a taxi waiting to go.
a man is getting his picture taken on a dock.
a shirtless man takes a picture of a camera holder
a young boy is sleeping on a cot.
girls are holding cats.
the band played underneath the canopy during the wedding.
a kid sitting on a swing set.
a kid waits for a kiss.
the woman is trying on hats.
just a cat.
a man is surrounded by cars
"a man in a white suit on a bench recreates a scene from the movie ""forrest gump""."
the grass is very short.
people are dancing the polka.
a girl riding a horse
a young boy in a white tank top wearing a racing bib.
the child is in a yellow bag.
chinese workers are working at a factory.
people are marching in a protest.
there is a person on a vehicle.
a person feeding birds
the little girl is happy
a man is smoking for awareness.
a kid hangs out near by water.
"the man is sleeping in his bed, while the son is sneaking out to be with his friends late at night."
the little boy is strapped in a child safety seat.
two children are at a sink and pouring water into a bowl.
a daring adolescent ramps his bicycle over another boy.
they are using a charcoal grill.
a white dog is running across a grassy field.
"a blond woman, wearing a white shirt, walks past a sign advertising food and drinks."
a middle-aged man is looking at the middle-aged woman.
a man wearing a rastafarian hat and fred locks leans forward with his arms outstretched and his hands together.
a woman in a blue dress and a little girl walking in an outside marketplace.
two children are sitting inside a building.
a woman punches pads being held by a man.
a child in a red and blue hoodie is playing by himself.
a girl is getting help.
a child is unwrapping a new toy at chritmas.
a mother and her child are outdoors.
a musician plays the guitar on the sidewalk in a big city.
the man is on the bike
steve o from jackass fell off the bull.
the men in dark uniforms are sitting on the bench.
the player is throwing the football.
two girls are playing outside in the grass.
the man is looking at a strange creature on his fishing pole.
a man is at the circus.
children playing with a remote controlled car in a road.
an elderly couple sits with their dog in a green field by the shore.
a man is having a beverage.
a man sitting on a chair in the middle of a group.
there are people in front of a restaurant.
an airplane makes a heart as people watch.
"a crowd of people are having fun getting drunk,sitting protected from the sun."
a lion is stalking an antelope.
the man is rapping and playing the drums.
people are at a picnic.
"a girl with blue nail polish, is in a workshop or garage among a variety of tools and objects and is pouring a clear liquid from a large, clear pitcher into a green, two-liter soda bottle."
the woman is walking out of the shopping center.
the man is very tall.
a loom is being used while indian woman smoke a pike.
mother and son having fun on the beach.
the women are walking in the rain.
two boys are performing their fencing skills.
it is a warm day.
a person is sunbathing.
a boy in blue shows a girl in denim the water fountain in a hallway.
many people are enjoying themselves.
the man is in a cubicle.
none of the men are wearing lab coats.
a little girl smiles while holding two rocks.
a man joggin outdors
the men are about to get violent.
four men are working on a race car.
a cheer-leading group putting on a performance.
someone is kicking the ball.
baseball players walking on the field
a man is riding a motorcycle in the rain.
the hikers are walking outside.
the blond child is swimming fast.
the people are together
a man looks for a certain address.
a woman with a baseball cap on riding a bike while pulling a man sitting in a cart.
people are bobbing their head's listening to music.
kids are playing in a tub full of ice cold water outside in the summer.
children and a few adults are playing in a water fountain on the ground.
sunlight is poking through openings in the wall.
a man dressed in black is preparing to play music on his tuba.
two individuals are getting divorced.
a man putting chapstick on a woman on a boat.
a dog lands on his feet after jumping over a net.
the woman is on her lunch break taking a nap.
the young boy is crying because he just got up from falling off his skateboard.
another stands by.
a boy is shooting a basketball in a gym.
a guy practicing martial arts for a competition that is coming up in a few days.
a boy smashes his face on a birthday cake.
the child is wearing black crocs.
6 men are working on a project
a worker in a yellow hard hat peeking from underground.
dog paws at log
three surfers are in the car.
the three young girls ice skated.
a boy plays in the fountains.
three men are dancing.
three older men are sitting around a campfire at night.
six people laugh and sing on a cruise ship.
the room is dusty.
a toddler is building a death ray.
a red and white dragster.
a man without a shirt is climbing a tree trunk.
the bar is black.
people are volunteering at a shelter.
there are multiple cows
an old man shaves ice for a small group of children.
they are watching the young and the restless.
a group of soldiers in green is surrendering.
the two dongs went swimming
two ladies laughing at dinner.
the man is playing fetch with three dogs.
a group holding signs moves in the street
the man and woman are jogging down a trail.
a lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street.
a angry crowd beyhind a barricade shouts at a passing car.
a man wearing a gray button up shirt is drilling a hole on top of the metal keg barrel.
the people have a fish.
a child is standing in front of a barred gate.
a man is sitting on a chair on a sidewalk.
"a basketball player makes the 5th rebound of the night,"
a woman is using a vacuum.
many people walking around an art exhibit.
a boy and a girl smile for a photo while in a pool.
people passing the time in a city in a middle eastern country.
the man is blowing another man.
a family is on a trip.
the man is near an item.
a crowd is addressed by a man in a white t shirt.
two humans stand on a small hillside
a woman is looking at fabric in a store.
a couple checks on the mirror.
the person is sleeping in a roman temple.
a tteen waring colored clothes on top of a fireplug
the players are tennis players
a little girl high-fives a yellow robot.
two canines are in the forest.
woman feeds babies
people walk around the shopping district.
a boy in lakeside
a young boy is playing in a small wading pool.
a man dressed up waiting to place his order at a bar.
a person taking a nap.
a couple runs on a track.
a young man is chugging a beer
a man is pointing to a chalk drawing on the sidewalk.
the woman is nearly submerged in the water.
a tiger at the zoo.
the green-suited band is playing in the plaza in front of the church.
an orchestra doing band practices in a church for the wedding
this man is a nonsmoker.
cyclists are jogging.
a woman buys a gi joe.
a man is using a grinding wheel
the worker is eating lunch.
a lineman fixes a telephone line while singing.
a man squeezes between two rock formations.
people boarding a bus.
a kid sleeping in a bed
a man plays putt-putt golf
"a boat is on the water, with mountains in the background after a man fell out."
the bikes are in the basement of the alamo.
people looking at pictures on a display.
the girl is near a car.
a man does a handstand while surfing yesterday.
two children are standing against a brick wall in the sunlight.
a young lady is posing indoors while standing next to the couch.
there is a bicycle on the street.
the young girl is wearing a bikini.
a person in a rainbow colored snowsuit is snowboarding down a snowy slope.
a man skiing during the winter.
the cannibal tucks in to a plate full of fresh baby heads.
a little boy climbing up the steps to a bridge on a playground.
a person is riding a skateboard outside.
a man is riding a roller coaster.
the player is shooting toward the wrong goal.
a subway train is speeding down the river.
a man is smoking something.
some males are working on some projects outside.
the man is in the shower
a family is eating fastfood at a resturant
a black and gray dog runs in a field with its tongue hanging out.
many cars parked on a mountain.
two kids will play together.
a woman sitting on the floor and knitting.
the biker is male
a dog running in the woods.
two men on break eating lunch.
a student is working in a wood shop.
a brown dog wearing a red collar is waiting to be fed.
the boy has snow boots.
a dancer is dancing in provocative blue clothing in the streets.
several people are sitting on a low wall in the middle of a grass field.
a man and girl walk hand in hand.
people walking around talking on their cellphones.
the woman is making a cake
a girl splashes water into a truck.
many people at the market waiting to get their orders filled.
a monkey plays a guitar and smiles.
some huge people walking
there are children indoors sitting
two females are holding large plastic bags
the two dogs are looking at each other.
a man takes a drink.
a woman runs away from danger.
the person is near a musical instrument.
a woman and a child kneeling before an alter with a man sitting in a chair nearby.
someone is getting aressted for dui
a lady wearing scarf hat and sunglasses shopping.
people sitting at the park& others walking around a park.
three men sit on the curb of a parking lot.
an older man is at the fair riding a roller coaster.
a man dancing with two woman in lingerie.
the people are dining in a restaurant.
a boy hits a ball.
a man selling items for kids pulls his cart around.
there are several groups of white people speaking.
a man is looking for a place to rest.
a mother dips pieces of fruit into a bowl of liquid chocolate as her anxious daughter looks on.
two men have bags.
the woman is enjoying her time out by expressing herself through motion.
a male has 2 other humans looking at his arm.
a dolphin performs for a crowd.
the man is at the circus.
woman in a hat and mask on a bike that is full of carpets and other things.
a man sells stuffed animals to people at his booth.
a group of children are playing a game
a man wears a blue sweatshirt as he grooms the horse.
a snowboarder dressed in red is attempting to jump over a red board lying on top of snow.
there is a women outdoors in warm weather cleaning
a group of elderly women are waiting for their bingo game to start.
a boxer punches a boxer in the face.
two men are working on a computer.
5 people are holding spray cans.
three canadians are at the table.
child jumping in front of some nice wall art on a nice day.
a man is skiing down the bunny hill.
a dog's ears flop around as it jumps.
a tan dog rests his head in the sand.
a woman rushes down the street to make her date.
a woman is holding a rooster.
people sitting on a couch.
a group of people are enjoying their time around a campfire.
the black man is on wall street.
a woman is taking the subway to go on a shopping trip.
a dog is rolling in horse manure.
a man is wearing a blue tux
there are several young girls dressed in similar outfits playing instruments.
one man throws a flying kick at another man.
the man is a secret agent.
a woman reads a paper while two people stand next to her in front of a group.
the man is a vendor.
a lady is riding a horse.
the gymnast is hanging.
a woman in a black coat and black boots walks through the rain with a yellow umbrella.
two dogs are in the back of a van.
there is a yellow jacket painted on the side of a building
a clown playing with children in the street using a hula hoop.
a dog jumping in the country.
people eating lunch indoors.
a young woman vibrantly frolicking on the coast in san francisco.
group of girls cutting cake on lieu of birthday party
a lady in jeans is holding a chicken.
a group of brightly dressed people celebrate at a festival.
a field is being walked on
a man is fixing a door frame.
a middle-age walking man wearing glasses and gray suit is covering his mouth with cars running in the background.
many people attending a seminar.
sleds sled down the street
guy in santa suit wearing ninja mask and horns
the zombie has a cart.
the water is filled with raw sewage.
a kid is walking behind an adult.
a man in red swim trunks is in midair above the people in the water below.
people securing their kayaks and unloading their camping gear
two men working
young girl picks flowers on a pretty day.
the papers are flying through the air.
the people have no tattoos.
a group of people outside.
the man is checking his email at the library.
men walking in severely cold weather.
a young boy climbs a rock wall
a man walking around in a red robe and an axe in hand outside.
a group of children are standing outside a building.
nobody is lying.
hamburgers are on the grill.
two men are helping someone else.
a dog runs across the grassy field.
caucasian girl protesting with green sign
outdoor fire works
two people look at a kid.
a soccer player is drinking from a nike bottle.
woman sits with her st. bernard in the park on a sunny afternoon.
a woman is sitting on a bench while facing a bright fire.
a woman is driving a car
man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area.
"two bald men, one sitting at a computer and the other behind him, in front of red window curtains."
a black dog is in an action stance.
a daredevil attempts to scale a large boulder.
asian people wearing helmet waiting to buy food.
some bees return to their hive.
a group of people walk down the street waving rainbow flags.
a woman is pushing a wheelbarrow.
they are on the ground
a woman is walking five dalmatians.
a man in a blue outfit rides a hang glider high over a neighborhood of houses.
two workers in a boat rake a pond
"a group of costumed adults, including a devil and a sorcerer, look on as a man dressed as a sea captain speaks into a microphone while standing next to a man in a brown suit who is holding a large fruit basket."
a building with a number displayed on top is surrounded by many other buildings.
some people are waiting at the subway station.
construction crew working on building masonry
one man wearing glasses sits in front of an apple computer and drinks from a cup while another man wearing a cap and glasses stands in front of a microphone.
an older lady with a fanny pack.
a swimmer is running around the pool.
a man paints his plastic model.
a man is at a lake
that guy is laying and resting
the girl is reading
two young women in identical blue dresses giving the peace sign in an auditorium.
there is a kid near a swimming pool.
five young adults are on the beach jumping in the air
the people are jumping up and down on a rock.
the girl is 97 years old.
a man sitting on a subway looking at the camera.
a  person is sking downhill.
the five people of different ages are related.
a scientist in a lab coat is using a microscope.
a boy with green pajamas is opening a present.
a group of dressed up people are waiting to get into an event.
the students are all sitting quietly.
there will be a beautiful garden reception at the bride's parents home following the wedding.
a gorilla ripping a man in half
the child is playing while being watched by older people.
two cold people stand near a pole.
the firemen really enjoy their work
the backpacker is outside
a child wearing a yellow shirt leaning on hand against a wall.
competitors race cars on a road.
the donkey pulls the cart everyone is sitting in.
obese man is sitting by the pool.
two men stop to talk near a sign outside.
several youths are wearing clothes.
two women talk as they walk down the street.
three children play outside with bubbles.
the sea water is cold
several men on the deck of a ship are lowering another man into the water.
a man is walking in the grass near a sidewalk
two dogs are looking up at a person.
two men playing around
a toddler is playing in shallow water with rocks in the background.
a snake is slithering through the desert.
a man is eating a hot dog.
a woman cooking in the kitchen.
two people see kids on the bus.
a woman lays down on a wooden dock in the middle of a body of water
a woman is sweeping in front of her new store.
a woman in a blue swimsuit holding a sign on a busy street
the man is cutting things with his saw.
the woman and child are sitting on a train.
the conductor was agitated because his musicians were messing up during the performance.
a man is seen through a black window.
the senior is dreaming.
there are a group of people at the park.
a young indian woman takes part in a dance
a group of people are watching acrobatic performers on a beach.
three boys are making mud pies
a gang of people are performing on a street.
the baby is riding a sled behind its mother.
a car gets ticketed for a parking violation.
the girl and guy are in a relationship.
a girl jumping
a young boy is with his family at a pumpkin patch.
one man sitting in an exuma with 3 other men standing around a construction site.
a group of people in white shirts are jogging.
some women are outside.
a man cuts hair for a living.
a man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back.
people at an auction that has furniture for sale
a child with face paint.
"students sit in a classroom with green walls and red desks, waving at the camera."
there is an old man holding a light
the man is explaining the wonders of the universe.
a person is hurrying to get somewhere.
a very young child is scribbling with crayons.
three men with reflectors on their clothing are searching in the field.
a group of people are leaving a club.
a couple of guys are doing something together.
three smiling children running indoors.
a woman and a child are digging a hole for a new plant.
a girl taking a nap
tow guys are working together.
a kid plays.
the man is shaping wood with a small knife.
a yellow sign advertises insurance in spanish.
men are sitting in some vegetation beside a stecco structure.
performers putting on a concert
short haired woman fixes her hair
clean shaven men work out at the gym.
a man is walking his dog to the store.
a baby drinks milk from a bottle.
the chihuahua sniffed the stick in the woods.
a woman searching for a man.
a man is playing an instrument outside.
a couple is walking their dog
two people wearing red are standing outside of a beautiful oriental building.
a woman and child riding camels near the ocean.
the child is crying because he lost his red balloon.
woman in convertible
a teddy bear is outside.
two girls wearing an army uniform.
a young boy in batman pajamas is playing with toys on a hardwood floor.
two school age boys seem to be cleaning a fish they have caught while a hand of a third youngster reaches into the foreground seeming to offer them help.
my grandpa is wearing his giants hat while he watches ants.
a group of children being entertained by a group of entertainers while at a youth camp.
the infant is asleep.
the man and women are standing
couple women are drinking tea.
some kids are playing in a living room.
men are standing next to some items.
two cats play next to the water.
the short-haired woman was talking to a young boy.
boy jumping over rail on bicycle while crowd watches
the woman is in a dress holding a dog.
a man catching some much needed rest while riding some public transportation.
tony hawk does tricks on a ramp while people look on.
a man with an afro is a musician.
a woman is laying in her bed
a man behind either a fence or cage.
a victory parade is being celebrated.
a woman is standing in front of a man and child.
the woman is using dish soap
a black dog waits on the grass for a falling yellow ball.
great humans walking
woman eating on road
the kids are climbing a mountain.
a child plays with a ball
the man is pointing something out.
the woman is alone working in the garden.
two teenagers study as a man is nearby.
a woman is standing on the sidewalk handing out fliers.
an individual stands on one leg.
the girl is flying in an airplane.
someone is looking at a red advertisement.
"four women dancing, inside a circle of women."
a ship with a red and white sail is in water.
the drivers are racing
guys in safety gear tow a car.
the slide is circular.
the men are spiderman.
"three woman walk, in their hijab, alone in an area of muslim denomination."
a ballerina is doing a grande pa de chat.
two girls are eating a cake.
a camera crew is not filming today
a man with a smile sitting on the floor fixing his bicycle.
people on a peer watching the sun go down.
a person is skating in public
people are watching two people joust.
"there is a double-date, and they are currently in the kitchen."
they are calling a baseball game
audience members attending an indoor concert while a shirtless band member sings.
a man walks alone on the sidewalk.
a man and woman kiss on a train.
a policeman escorts citizens
"a man wearing a blue shirt is interacting with a woman wearing a red skirt, while another man wearing black looks on."
a dog is chasing his frisbee.
a boy in front of a christmas tree is holding a light saber his uncle gave him.
a group of people listening in a class.
the laborers are fixing the chimney.
a boy jumping in a moonwalk.
two men are carrying yellow purses
a pair of boys in a swimming pool are wearing swim caps.
"a man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting, white horse."
a man and a woman indoors.
a homeless woman sleeping on a bench using tattered rags to stay warm.
a man is sitting on a bench along the sidewalk that has beautiful green grass and landscaping around it.
women walked through advertisement
the dog walking over the water is white.
a supervisor takes a break at the bamboo farm.
there are two restaurants in this picture.
two girls and a boy are getting ready to jump into a backyard pool.
a girl is scooping sand.
there are four people working together to get a job done.
a child on a rock formation.
a baseball pitcher prepares to throw.
an artist carves a statue.
a woman in black is explaining a diagram.
a man is thinking of jumping off a balcony.
"a little girl wearing pink is blowing bubbles with her eyes closed, outdoors."
the pup is participating in a dog show.
a man is wearing nike clothes.
a photo of a couple walking in what's possibly china.
a woman in what appears to be traditional garments is performing a dance.
people are tossed around in a blue raft in a foamy river.
the two people are sitting in a restuarant
a young girl is holding something.
a human holding a baby
there is a woman in a kitchen.
there are people with food.
a man wearing jeans and sandals drawing in a wall.
a couple people sit and wait for the bus on an empty road.
a child sleeps across chairs in the airport.
a scientist studies a vaccine.
there are cheerleaders at the event.
a little girl about 2 with blond-hair is sitting on a bench all by herself.
a team is celebrating in a photo
the young boy is going to bust the pinata open.
people are holding signs for their favorite team
two old friends relive a funny story from their youth.
a man is talking apart a piano.
the girl is not standing on the floor.
the man is looking for the nearest public restroom.
a young woman with elaborately designed hair is enjoying a game on a game boy.
a man is sewing a tent.
a young child enjoys a water park with her mother.
the surfers have fallen off of their surfboards while surfing the waves.
two blond women lean against a wooden fence
a woman looking out a window
a baseball player catches a ball.
a man wearing a white helmet sits on his motorcycle.
the people  are fighting
a group of people carrying english flag are out on the streets in birmingham.
yellow dough is rolled out with a rolling pin.
a woman has groceries.
a tall man is outside.
a woman throws her camera at a tree screaming.
"girls in swimsuits, holding hands and leaping into water."
a dog runs in a race.
a white poodle and two black poodles are playing in the grass on an autumn day.
a man in a white hoodie is taking a walk.
two african women performing in front of a small audience.
a biker performing a trick where the bike is only on its front tire in a skate park as the sun is behind him.
the three humans are outdoors.
a elder man plays a drumset
two men are mowing the grass.
"two women are on a walkway outside, and both of the women are smiling as one of them takes a small hop in the air."
a brother and sister are making cupcakes
someone in a jacket pushes a yellow bag on wheels down the sidewalk.
"two short, fat people walk down the street."
the people are security guards.
all the adults are parents of children who also take lessons at this same dojo.
there is a net between the women playing volleyball.
an african woman is holding a small child in her arms.
the cars are racing for a trophy.
dogs search for shade in the desert.
"two groups of huskies are running in the snow, each group pulling a man."
three men are going to get more supplies.
a woman holding a long handkerchief.
a black dog is looking for it's owner on the beach.
a small child wearing a gray and purple shirt playing with a black camera.
a red boat moves on the water.
three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf.
a man takes pictures of the water
a sad little boy sitting at a table was crying at the table
a dog at a farm
a man with a gas mask and goggles on his head.
the man's camera weighs 100lbs.
the boy skates down the sidewalk.
the greyhound is eating dinner.
"football team holding practice, player catches a ball."
overhead view of pedestrians walking down street filled with vendors and umbrella-ed carts.
young barefoot boy playing a guitar setting in a large muti colored chair with a picture of three pigs beside him.
"girl in gray shirt, and pink hat, riding a bike through a park."
"in a small village, two men are playing drums in front of an audience."
a man and woman are are outside lying down.
dog looks at two cats
one man is playing the drums while another is singing karaoke.
girls are singing and playing guitar
to fully dressed ladies wave to other people
a man is kissing a woman.
a man is wearing headphones
he is going to get thrown off the animal.
eleven people of both gender are present at a table.
a white sign says that there is no smoking.
a red-haired woman sitting having her caricature drawn by a man.
there are two hockey players.
a man is near the building.
a little boy in orange shorts and flip-flops plays soccer on a basketball court.
a man in a white shirt plays pool.
a dog sits alone.
the man sitting at the table is waiting on his wife while she is shopping.
a football player wears a uniform.
a small baby is given a bath in a plastic tub by an adult wearing rubber gloves.
a plane flying over a field.
a jet climbs altitude.
younng girls playing volleyball outside joke with one another as the volleyball bounces nearby.
a man is in the desert a few feet off the ground holding onto strings of a parachute.
the person is sleeping under a tree.
it is a picturesque small town.
the woman is looking at apples.
a boy attempts to eat the camera.
woman with stuffed animal display.
two high school wrestlers are wrestling.
there is a woman wearing a number
man has upset stomach
the woman is on a pogo stick
a boy and girl are camping in the woods.
an asian man is wearing a pink kimono.
a circus worker showing her talent in her pink and blue uniform.
many people in costumes are smiling at a party.
nobody is in a city
the men in business suits are joining the people with placards.
a person in a large black jacket is squatting.
the stage is empty
the man is holding it for his new bride.
there are two people with jerseys outside.
a girl cries with her arms crossed.
the little dog is running on the beach.
a lot of furniture not stacked
an old man guts a dead fish.
there is a religious sign.
men are fixing a house damaged by the storm.
a construction worker is building part of a sewer pipeline.
people are outside at a university on a sunny day.
a man with a yellow hat on is leaning on a wall of some sort.
a black dog jumps through the water.
two girls spar in traditional martial arts clothing at a competition as judges watch.
announcements are all over the street post.
a girl is at a funeral.
a person wearing a red helmet and yellow and white clothing is riding a bike outside in a wooded area.
a woman pauses to drink water during a winter ride through the city.
a man complaining about his internet speeds.
a boy is in an ugly part of town.
the 2 men standing next to each other are friends.
the brown dog is a pit bull.
"young man, in a swimsuit, surfing on brown waters."
warm up for football game.
a large crowd of people are sitting.
a child holding a paddle.
a man is standing by a rock band holding a stick of dynamite.
a person on a water vehicle on a lake surrounded by mountains.
a woman in red shoes waling in the street.
there is a dog playing around
the audience watches a musical.
a woman sits in the grass while hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
the older lady is with a girl making crafts so they can win first prize in the competition.
a child with coiled hair in a bathing suit excitedly lets the water from the ocean waves touch her toes.
the black man is singing.
"a long alleyway, there is a black man with hands behind his back, walking away from the camera."
four workers dig deep with their shovels.
girls are snacking
brown dog leaping up with orange disc in mouth with blue and yellow toy boat in background.
a kid is sitting in front of a newly built building.
two divers repairing equipment underwater.
the musician all in black is eating at the bar
a man is finishing his artwork
two dogs are in the air.
a man shoots his gun in a competition.
a woman is buying ice cream to take home and eat later.
a woman is napping.
two boxers are landing simultaneous punches on one another.
a person is calling someone else.
the dog is running with the ball.
athletes diving into a pool.
three people stand in front of a vending machine
the woman was in the sauna naked.
a girl is playing a trampoline game with friends.
two boys play a video game.
a man is getting dunked on in basketball
a man and woman sit down to eat at a restaurant.
a few friends chilled on the ground in their camping tent.
a biker with long blond-hair eating an ice cream cone.
the boardwalk is very brightly lit by restaurant signs at night.
a man sits with a beer in a restaurant.
two mountain climbers stand atop a snowy peak.
the umpire is alone in the bathroom.
three workers work on a highway
a man and woman are playing basketball.
men build houses.
there are lots of children playing
people in costumes warming up in front of a fire.
the water absorbs all light and reflects none.
someone cooking while wearing a hat.
two volleyball players compete in a sand tournament
we know how to look for our veggies.
a woman outside throws a horseshoe.
there is a man watching a women at the beach
a woman is talking to a man on a bike.
a man doesn't know what kickboxing is.
"oriental festival or parade with beautiful display of blue, red and orange colors."
a woman is painting a chair
two young girls building towers with legos in their livingroom.
the white man jogged slowly by.
a donkey is pulling the cart down the road.
the child is enjoying a beautiful day at the beach with his/her family.
the man has something to tell the woman.
the parade is very large.
a man restrings his guitar.
two men are using their laptops.
a woman sitting on a wall on a bright summer day.
the girls are ignoring eachother.
three boys are playing in the fountain
a dog eats a treat.
kids playing
a man fell when trying to perform a trick
soccer players and family members after a game.
a red ski boat is on a trailer at a park.
a man cooks meat over the fire.
people walk under trees as their purple leaves fall and cover the ground.
two hippie men are wearing metal helmets.
boy sits down on horse in field.
a woman is photographing something.
a man is hot-wiring a vehicle.
a group of people are canoeing.
the man is taking off his glasses.
a man on a street corner is playing multiple instruments for walkers by.
a woman balances a small child on her hip.
a man in a uniform stands in a crowd.
a slim human singing
"a woman is sitting outside her house with a blue door, enjoying the air."
a woman has luggage above her head.
"a lady sitting in a dark room with a little light, that has a variety of fruit in different sizes of square baskets."
three children are napping.
a woman runs naked through the snow.
the group is walking in the asian section.
the children ride horses
a trio puts on a musical performance.
a man cutting open a fruit with a large knife.
the runner is on a treadmill
the man is working at the construction site.
the boy is posing for a picture.
they are playing rugby.
there are lamps above a man.
a man is regarding the captivating beauty of the waterfall
"two women, one in blue and one in red speed skating on a basketball court."
a woman is looking for a ship.
a child standing on stairs handing a paper to a woman sitting down.
the woman is reaching for cookies inside the container
a little girl hugging a giant egg in a nest.
a man plays a horn while a woman plays piano in the background.
a penguin has just sunk a complicated golf shot in the pga tour.
a girl is standing by a lake.
a horse and rider make a jump.
the us army 101st airborne division marches on paris.
a small crowd of people are talking in the center of an open air marketplace.
a woman in a flowered dress is walking down a brick sidewalk.
people looking through binoculars.
four road workers planting a tree.
some of the women are friends.
"in a crowd at a stadium, one man is standing up by himself"
there is a fresh produce stand.
men in shorts are shoveling snow.
a man planting some flowers around a pole outside.
a girl is standing next to a microphone and playing the trombone.
she can touch the bottom of the ocean with her feet.
a group of sports fans cheer as their football team enters the football stadium.
the boy in the orange shirt looks backwards.
"an asian man lies on the floor face down, looking exhausted with a tennis racket to his left side."
the woman is nude in her shop
the people are driving
the women are going to the beach.
the national cheer-leading championship.
next to a police car a girl playing.
a man and a woman outside in the sand.
they are planning a surprise birthday party.
a few men are using a recording device indoors.
the men are professional singers.
the tortoise is being fed an strawberry.
a man in a red shirt preparing food.
humans are playing with water.
two climbers are about to join their friends to set a climbing record.
the person is a model.
a man outside a store.
the weather was rainy.
the man is sleeping in his bedroom.
the children are ready to eat.
someone is sliding.
the man is working with the wood is caucasian.
four boys doing a cannonball jump in unison into the pool.
the brown dog with the red collar is staring at the plate of food.
2 people are on the path.
an asian man squats on a paved walkway and sorts a pile of vegetables.
a person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line.
a man is wearing a greet coat with a blue flag in his hand.
two women are at a cafe.
a choir singing outside a church.
the men are drinking wine instead of beer.
there are two guys partying.
a bullrider practices riding in corral
a fog is descending from the mountains.
a young girl is painting.
a guy riding a skateboard in front of a graffiti wall.
four people dressed in black clothing stand together outside for bus
people are shopping inside a supermarket indoors.
soccer players near a ball.
a family is camping.
two kids who look almost alike are under the covers of a bed on display in a linen store.
a woman has her hair braided because it is long.
a child is turning the handle on an egg-beater.
girl playing cops and robbers.
"in pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl."
there is a small kid sitting on the couch.
some humans looking
the dog is black and brown
a baby is looking at a leafy branch.
they are swimming
an old coach has his team run to him.
a woman reading in the subway.
a woman is observing a martial arts event.
"a man with a mo-hawk haircut, wearing a t-shirt that says ""detroit rocks"" is using dj equipment while two girls are behind him smiling."
an asian child is lying on the ground in front of a stroller
a girl eats a corn dog.
two boys and two girls roast marshmallows
mother and daughter eating macroni at the kitchen table.
a blond woman on a playing field holds her polo stick at the ready.
a zoo is set up in the city.
a man jumps in the air above some large rocks.
they are having fun
the man really likes the celtics.
people dressed up for a play
the band was reading library books during the performance.
a girl is eating alone.
the football team is getting ready for their game.
a white dog and a brown dog play in the grass.
an older woman and two kids are working on an arts& crafts project.
puppy lying on the floor asleep
the picture is antique.
a russian man is burning books.
a man shoots his gun in his backyard.
the men are on the floor doing crunches as they wait on their meal.
three young boys are selling bags of popcorn to the general public.
a group of people pose in front of a banner.
a man runs with his cow
the man jumps the bike.
the man is in the stands watching the show.
three people are jumping very high and yelling by the woods.
guy sitting outdoors at house
a small child wearing pink stands in a doorway.
joggers are running.
"two women of african descent, a dark-skinned man and western man in a white shirt posing for a photograph."
little kids are jumping down to the ground.
a young girl holds flowers in one hand and a basket with a bow in another.
a man hits his drums in front of the band.
people walk around the building they work at.
horses are running after a carrot
a man sings on stage.
the boys are in a gym.
a man holds a popsicle.
a small child plays in the sand of a playground.
there are only two people outside.
the person has a rock climbing hobby.
a boy playing catch
a young man in office attire jumping rope at work with a smile.
a person is moving toward something big.
a family ball game takes place after a picnic.
a man holding a crying infant
two men travel in a wooden boat.
a child is flying in an airplane.
the men looking to start a riot
"a young, white boy standing alone in a yard in autumn, using a leaf blower to clean the yard."
a man operating a sewing machine.
the girl is sitting on the shore of the lake.
snowmobiler riding in the air.
a group of friends are playing a game.
a man is climbing a cliff high in the air.
a man siphons gas from a hose.
a woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building.
many people are wearing the same colors.
a happy girl in a forest with leaves falling from a tree.
a man in a red shirt and jeans and a toddler on a rock near the water.
a woman enjoying herself.
the pigeons are on the ground.
a farmer near a creek is smoking a cigarette.
a person washing windows.
two men eating in cafetaria
a woman wearing a jacket is walking on a sidewalk.
the women wear bright clothes.
a man on a bench points out a coming bus to another man.
a child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing.
two individuals are in the foreground.
a little girl riding a cat.
the bicyclists were riding through the colorful vendor's corner.
a man in a white t-shirt and khaki shorts sleeps on a leather couch.
a man is sitting down in a park
two men in traditional arab dress standing near a car wave at an suv in the desert.
a group of older gentlemen walk down the street playing musical instruments amid the crowd.
the women are waiting for the train
a man sings in front of a microphone.
a boy is at the top of a snow-covered hill.
the man plays a musical instrument.
a boy is playing with a toy boat in dirty water.
two people doing some construction work.
a transvestite is a circus act.
an older couple looks at a woman smiling at a baby.
a man waiting for a bus.
a man in a red shirt holds a beer can and hammers while a man in a white shirt looks on.
a dog runs on some wood.
a person is standing next to feelings.
a man gets wet.
the street performer was displaying his last show of the day.
the boy wearing a blue shirt is blowing a huge bubble.
a puppy trying to catch a frisbee.
"a bus with passengers, one of them wearing a yellow backpack."
teenagers sit on the sidewalk near a bank.
two men cleaning a parking lot after a wild party
someone riding a motorcycle in the desert
a dog paddles in the swimming pool.
only one dog is running.
two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts.
at the sunny beach two boys carry a third boy by the hands and feet
a group of men in a sitting area are ignoring one another.
a woman posing for a picture next to a odd attraction.
a boy in a white shirt is making a face while the his peer and him are working on schoolwork.
the big machine is not in the garage.
four children are playing video games.
the cook is building a bookshelf.
the woman's shirt is pink
an old man pushes a cart past a shoe store.
"two women, one blond and one brunette, talking."
an astronaut training underwater with another man in scuba gear.
a male doctor delivering a baby.
two people conversing
a group of people are inside a building looking at a tree.
a young woman makes baskets in the middle of a desert.
a toddler plays with the remote control for the tv.
three girls walk on the rocks near the water.
a man takes a picture of a group of swans.
a boy is wearing a red hat while riding a horse.
people are sitting apart and grimacing.
the person is naked.
two boys have earrings in their ears.
the woman is getting ready for work.
four army men are driven home on the back of a john deere gator.
the three girls are competing in a race.
a woman in blue shirt laughing.
the young waiter pours a beer.
"a man carries two grocery bags, a sign of a funny man is by the pole near him."
three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
a man eating food with his head resting against his hand.
a man is standing at a urban intersection.
there men were playing soccer in the basketball court
they are walkng.
a big brown dog standing on construction equipment.
two people looking at the lake.
the musicians are together on stage.
the actors stand idle by the door
the sun is rising near the campfire.
a man is eating a tropical fruit skin and all.
a girl does a leap in her dance on the street.
women sitting eating lunch.
a bride running through the rain as her train gets soaked with rain.
the snow is thick.
three friends are on a cliff staring out towards a beach.
a family has thanksgiving dinner.
three people are sitting next to a building.
there are people looking at an animal.
a black dog is running in the yard
a dog is running in grass.
a man in black shorts is walking outside.
the man is conducting a symphony.
paintballers fire down range.
the people are outside riding their bicycles.
a man is playing
they can shower outside.
a pack of dogs chase girls through a park
two people jumpinjg over a large wave at the beach
a man is attempting to surf down a hill made of grass and dirt on a sunny day.
a group of boys jumps down brick stairs.
the officer is peeing on the bush.
a woman walks on a city street.
an older man is making cotton candy while others look on.
a man has a newspaper
the people are friends.
two french poodles romp on a snowy field
two men ride bicycles to another friend's house.
the army soldiers are talking.
a man is playing a heavy metal song tune on his electric guitar.
four women wearing white clothing holding up a white sheet.
a modern dressed lady watches race preparation.
two dogs together in a field of grass within sight of a beautiful home.
"a young boy, in a white jersey, has kicked a green and white soccer ball."
the women sit at home watching tv.
four boys having a snow ball fight.
"two men sit on a park bench, watching the river roll by, as a dog stands off to the side."
a couple is walking in a building.
some guy is taking pictures of a santa cruz firetruck.
the trucks is blue
the animals are sitting down.
a little girl holds flowers at her sister's wedding.
there is a lady in a dress walking across a busy street beside of a taxi.
a homeless man believes he is a conductor.
the worker is icing cupcakes.
a man in blue is taking pictures indoors.
the boys are tired from playing.
a grandmother and two of her grandchildren taking the dog for a walk in the woods.
the girl is laying on the floor.
people on the bus
three men are jumping up for a ball.
a woman with short hair and dress sleeps while laying on the floor.
a boy on his bmx bike leaping over a hill
a young man is outside with a three wheeler bike.
a kayak negotiates some rapids.
a person in a garage working on a bicycle wheel.
a man is watching music videos on tv.
a old man is standing in a chruch
children are using power tools to build something
a man in a red card is surrounded by lawn chairs
"men two exchange a large metal ring as they pass each other, riding railroad cars in opposite directions."
the group of ladies are all at work in the office.
the woman is pacing the floor.
people love the fried foods a woman makes at the festival
there are two kids on the trampoline.
the child is holding a stick.
a donkey is sleeping.
people sit on the beach.
the woman driving down the road.
a family is chilling in the outdoors
two men who look very similar with beards are fighting over a waffle.
the adult woman is walking with a boy.
three sailboats are sailing through the water.
a man is next to a blue sign.
a dirt trail being used by a man in a safety vest and bike helmet riding a scooter and a woman wearing a bike helmet on a red bike.
a lawyer prepares for court.
3 dogs are approaching the group.
the men are synchronized swimmers.
a young girl wearing a blueish green shirt standing at the kitchen counter.
lots of people are dancing and having a good time.
dog catching a red frisbee.
crowd gathers to listen to a band
some people burning down a restaurant.
"a girl in a green dress dances with a man in a kilt, while another couple with the same outfits dances in the background."
while standing near a post a man stretched his shirt over his head
two children are sitting on a bench with a rooster in front of them.
an umpire is riding a bus.
the woman is wearing an all black shirt.
a woman is navigating a busy city street.
a bird is singing in a tree alone
the water bottles are at the foot of the bed.
two women are hiking in the mountains.
"baby wearing blue asian garment, grabbing fruit from a bowl."
a woman sprays herself with the hose.
the man is good at surfing.
a man stands with two large dogs seated in front of him.
the tennis players move gracefully across the court.
a female is taking a test in school.
the group of people are inside the same room.
men sit around a table at a speech.
there are two women looking at a food vendor.
three men celebrate a birthday.
a man sits in a train window.
a boy in a blue print shirt is holding a can.
two men play raquetball.
a man passes a piece of tree through a mill.
the pamphlet is upside down.
a woman doing stunts on a trampoline for a movie
a woman is walking her pet monkey in her carriage on the las vegas strip
there are ladies outdoors.
children are getting into a vehicle.
the female was playing a game with friends
two people waiting outside
the ball is moving at an increasing velocity.
a scarecrow guards pumpkins in a field.
a cat and a ball of string
a woman walks up a path.
the animal swimming
the boy on the curb was sad.
a mouse is caught in a moues trap.
three men in yellow shirts have their hands on the white railing they are standing behind.
it is ok for men to kiss men.
a girl is wearing a purse while walking.
a mechanic reading a book.
the women is cleaning the house with her broom.
five young lady getting ready to run the 100m dash
an olympic athlete performs in the javelin throw event.
a young boy tried to lift a heavy pumpkin in a pumpkin field.
a soccer player is winning the game.
a fat hairy mammoth.
a group of protesters sitting on a couch.
the men are at the restaurant.
people auditioning on a stage dancing.
the people are not leaving the ceremony.
a photographers photographs a model for his portfolio.
a person is standing outside over water.
a man his son attend the championship game.
a man and his dog go for a walk around the block
a bunch of people look up at the super bowl while two women completely ignore it
two humans are standing near a fence outdoors.
man looking over a large stove full of coal while bursting flames.
these two people are sleeping.
a man and his wife are arguing.
the truck is smoking from the trunk
a black lady walking on beach between crowd
a boy and a two girls are running around on a sidewalk next to a river.
a man and woman are working hard today in the gated space between buildings.
the family is partying.
there are pine trees.
three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake.
some children are waiting for a train.
"a man taking a picture of several big people,"
a young boy sleeps.
a man with a shirt is riding a motorcycle.
a crane knocks down a building.
someone stands next to a parachute.
the soldier is on top of a vehicle.
a child jumps into the water.
a boy in glasses is happy.
a woman stands in front of a slide show and gives a lecture.
a woman is standing with her fists closed.
a man is drinking a cup of coffee.
a man in a white outfit with a red belt performs an acrobatic move in front of a group of people who encircle him.
construction workers are busy.
the woman play with her baby toys
the man loves his picture being taken.
the dog is not on the grass
girl with brown hair in a blue shirt and blue and white skirt holding on to a shopping cart in a store.
the boy has a favorite flower.
man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
a group of people are in a pool
scientist has no microscope to look at
people brooding about their lives in a crowded train
a man and boy playing a game of chess.
the man is using a walking stick.
the man in the blue shirt with the knife is also wearing brown pants
a man hangs up his cellphone and continues on.
a couple is posing for prom pictures on the stairs.
a man is surfing for fun.
"two men, sponsored by red bull, are celebrating with large bottles."
a man is inside a barber shop.
a person is eating pizza.
the native child is ripping the man off
the dog and cat prepared the food on the table by following instructions on the package.
a person is enjoying the warm humid fragrance of lavender.
a brown dog is jumping in the air whilst trying to catch a purple frisbee.
a blonde girl in a yellow shirt covers her face.
there is a skateboard.
people lay in a circle
the women are in a market in morocco.
some children are sitting at their desks at school.
the wall has fallen on the man
the dancers are all siblings.
a man and child are talking a walk through a park.
a girl is playing rugby.
the person watched his children roll down the sand hill.
a man stands on top of a wall.
three women play tennis in a field.
a man is sleeping on the floor on the laundry.
"a young girl, wearing a purple jacket, is holding a bucket and a mop."
the man is playing piano
"a man in jeans, a t-shirt, and a baseball cap is lying down on a wooden floor."
everyone is taking a break from the computer.
a man is doing tricks on his skateboard.
a blond girl in a pink sweater is holding a baby.
a frisbee team does a chant before their game in a circle.
a dog is playing with a stick
"an asian boy wearing a red shirt with a shaved head that is dyed blond with a red heart is leaning on a counter, talking on a cellular phone."
a cat is sleeping in a tree.
the woman is at a scenic overlook.
a person in a safety vest pushing a truck.
the man is a christian.
a movie studio is filming on location in the center of town.
the woman is on the beach by herself.
school kids are competing for a championship.
a boat is on the street.
he is in a good mood.
these two cars are taking a turn during a rally car race.
a man is sitting down in a restaurant.
a cyclist wears a helmet and coat while riding.
cars in a parking lot
a man in a winter hat plays with a small black dog in the snow.
four men do a dance on stage together.
there are boats in the water.
a small girl in a purple jacket is holding a mop and peering into a bucket.
two men are playing a game outside.
a pair of martial artists are in front of a group of people.
a woman is playing a guitar and singing.
the boy is outside with a girl.
men of asian descent walking around with bags.
a music group is getting onto the tour bus.
a cop is taking a nap with a half eaten hamburger on his chest.
people are very busy
"someone in thin-metal armor, riding a horse and carrying a yellow and red shield."
the man is sitting on a motorcycle.
a man talks on a phone on next to a building.
people are surrounded by trees.
"a little asian boy has on a green shirt, while holding a small green shovel."
the children are hiking all alone.
a woman is running in front of a striped wall.
a kid plays with toy boats in some water.
people looking at a car exhibit.
asians walk to work.
they are kicking a ball.
a boy and a girl color pictures together.
two dogs are on mars.
two workers are working vigorously.
the family is trying to sleep together.
the man has on a black coat.
a woman is drinking tea under a hut.
the puppies are rolling around in the grass.
a woman is cutting dog hair.
the dog is large
a lady and a man are discussing a binder.
two people walk on the beach with a black dog.
a woman is sleeping in her bed.
four people playing cards around a table.
two children are inside reading.
a man sells hotdogs on the street.
a heated cart of food is being pulled on a city street by a woman dressed in a pink and white blouse and pink sandals.
five guys chopping down a tree and turning it to mulch.
five people jump for joy in a photo.
the dog is on a walk with an old lady while its snowing.
a child is jumping into the water next to a pile of seaweed.
a young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants mops the area around his washer and dryer.
a man with a backpack sits and reads a book to a young child in a library as other parents and children look at books in the background.
a dad is teaching his daughter how to play pool at a community center.
a man with a beard is working on a floor.
a man is staring at a tree and some cacti.
two sword fighters training.
"nurse wearing blue scrubs, posing for a picture with patients."
the woman with orange hair is walking down the street.
a man with a black shirt and microphone performs a demonstration at an event.
two women sit silently on a bus.
a woman wants to purchase a light.
a woman walks down the street listening to her ear phones as a man talks on his cellphone behind her.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck waiting for her man
a dog playing with a stick that his owner threw.
two people are carrying a bag down an alley.
a person wears a shirt and hat doing something under the back of a vehicle while a child looks.
a little girl and boy play in the sand on the beach.
a girl is showing off a pink bottle for show and tell.
man eats pizza
man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand.
a couple and their young son watch the sunset on a beach
person smoking next to a road.
a few young men in a rollerblade race.
old people walk in a mall.
a dog runs quickly.
a man is digging a grave
the woman is riding a skateboard
two people have a dance battle in walmart.
a tall man is playing basketball
a young man rides a tractor
people sliding down a water slide.
young boys are chasing after a soccer ball.
four people are camping
people are picking up trash at the beach.
a man in a red shirt in the doorway of a laundry mat.
a girl in a blue bikini is wearing a cardboard sign around her neck.
the boy is happy
people are sitting at a table with lots of food.
the men and woman have their hands full of puppies.
a dog jumped in the air.
a group of runners drink bottled water
the woman wears yeloow
the alley is closed.
a child has an animal on their shirt.
a little girl is helped up by her mother inside of a bar.
a dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground.
a woman is losing in a competition.
a woman's car has broken down.
an older man doesn't give verbal instruction
girl jumps to spike volleyball.
womans first day as fire fighter
the women are white
a fisherman looks for trout on his boat in a lake.
a number of people cross in front of the top of an escalator.
children are playing outside during winter.
a man jumps off a wooden structure.
some people are walking down a path in the park.
a man looking at his next door neighbor.
woman reaches into purse
man walking with a hat on a stick.
a man is racing in a marathon.
the girls are competing for a trophy.
the people prepare to install a window.
a man is at a table.
two girls are performing a traditional dance while dressed in matching costumes.
the women is from asia
a little boy takes off all his clothes.
a man serenading a woman with his flute.
men in hard hats are working on a wall.
two girls are throwing balls at each other.
there are no men in the photograph.
people are riding bumper cars.
a man is sharpening his knife to skin a rabbit.
the men are constructing a road.
people playing hockey.
women dressed nicely are talking
people waiting to cross a road.
two construction workers are working outside on a lawn.
a man is outside of a church.
people are looking outside.
"three men, one in a white shirt, one in a green shirt and one in a tan jacket are walking down the street, the man with the tan jacket and the man with the green shirt are carrying supplies."
the other team is wearing black shirst
a woman is sliding down a pole on the street with a crowd roped off behind her watching.
two children are sitting on a foutain.
a group of young oriental children gather around their teacher as she shows them how to complete a task.
a girl at a dance.
the girl is shopping with her mother.
a male has an audience for his trick
the men are drinking milkshakes at the diner.
the bottle is being held by a woman in a tank top.
someone in the city is pulling their suitcase.
a woman sings on stage while a man plays guitar.
the dark picture shows three men talking to some men in a booth
a woman wearing earphones walks up crowded steps.
a duck sits in the water.
food trucks gather at food cart festival
the two young women are related.
the man in the cowboy hat looks at the motorcycle curiously.
animals are playing with a ball.
"the man has never smoked in the kitchen, including today."
a woman wearing a purple jacket is breastfeeding a baby.
a child is sitting by a decorated tree.
a dozen short asian men looking at a bug on the ground.
one man is rolling in an anchor for a boat.
nobody is roasting
a person with black gloves and a white hat is standing and adjusting their scarf.
the girl is in a bathign suit
three women standing together talk with each other.
the bikers are racing down the path.
the person is newly-divorced and enjoying being alone.
there is a curling event at the ice rink
"outdoors in the daytime, a person with a ponytail in silhouette walking left in front of a bus yard, with several buses parked."
a couple of people dancing the rumba.
people are sitting together around some stairs.
a little girl wearing pink cooking with her mom inside a resturant.
a girl jumps high
a man is taking a child on a hay ride.
several men in hard hats walking along a snowy overlook.
a man sits behind a wheelbarrow full of vegetables.
a sad boy standing in front of a multicolored statue.
a dog in the forest
a group of women are dressed.
the surfer is on the wave
a couple of men are playing soccer.
a lady is having lunch at a restaurant.
 two collies at the beach are barking at a sting ray that jumped out of the water as they play together at the water's edge.
"there are two men in this picture, and they are both outside working."
the man is doing tricks on the bench.
two girls are kissing.
a little boy with short brown hair and a blue shirt is looking at a yellow pinata ball and he has a stick in his hands.
a young man in a beige jumpsuit boarding over a large tire
a man is driving to a local high school to recruit students into the military.
"two men are performing martial arts, they are dressed in white and one man has his leg between the legs of the other man."
a woman opens a box
a dog eating a cow
a couple sits together.
the little boy is playing cops and robbers.
the white dog leaping over a snow covered log.
a girl in a dress is climbing towards the slide.
the woman dive.
a basketball player has the ball in his hand
a little girl still in the carrier that a parent would put on them.
a man with a strange helmet sitting on his motorcycle.
a man rides his bicycle to work.
the woman and children are walking away from an ice cream stand.
an empty street houses only tumbleweeds.
a girl with a backpack and a boy on a bike are standing at a crosswalk.
an older gentleman in a checkered shirt carrying milk jugs using a yoke.
a group of kids going to enjoying the bike competition
two children are laughing.
a lady prepares to hit a tennis ball.
someone in red on a bike is moving in midair.
two men wearing vests.
people run through the store
a male is doing a trick on his bicycle while others watch him and take pictures.
a man cleans a bicycle to prepare it for sale.
a female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court.
the performer was a zombie.
the ledge is high up.
a man is in a blue car.
a dog watches another dog jump up to catch a frisbee at a park
a deserted info center.
a family is watching a movie
an orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away.
a young man plays a grand piano while others visit nearby.
an adult female with a sleeping infant.
the girls like to show off.
people walk the dark city street.
a bunch of geese fly amid a beautiful sunset.
mother lifting her child onto a spin roll toy.
the man is a surger.
colorful bricks.
basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform.
two people are examining fresh fruit and vegetables.
a young blonde lady was playing tennis.
five women and one man are wearing multicolored skirts dancing under a grooved structure.
the people in the crowd liked the band.
a girl is singing to a group.
people play instruments
a sad person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city.
an empty bus station at night.
a city worker lays down in the middle of the street
the man is participating in a drill.
an older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle
a man watches
 two friends ride a blue motorbike to the market down the street in kyoto.
the boy with the bright blue eyes just saw a good movie.
a dance instructor gives instruction to a group of people in a sea of foam.
a kid bounces off a a yellow inflatable thing.
two sad men are on a blue boat fishing.
"a man in white lounges by the sea, talking to firemen."
two sports players tussle to catch the frisbee
school children walk single file under adult supervision.
a swimmer is trying to dive into the water.
a person is being led by strings.
a couple visits an artist at her display table.
there are designs on the side of the pool.
the owner of store sits out front while the clerk of the store cleans
a man in blue pants sitting and watching the television.
a little boy in black pants is playing with a white balloon.
a musician is playing
a man is making a hat.
a man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.
a painter is crouched on the floor painting trim.
two older women in bathing suits are intrigued by a man walking down the stairs with a white parachute over his head.
a woman thinks about her day as she is walking through the street.
boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
the group of people are going to order chicken wings.
the bride is hula-hooping.
the boy is holding the remote in his shorts.
four boys are playing at the park.
the brothers are eating.
the old lady is 90 years old.
 a blue van being driven with a bunch of items strapped on the top of the roof of the van.
the family loves taking pictures.
the woman is taking a shower at home
a group of people about to mug an asian male.
dad and son have a tender affectionate moment together.
a group of fishermen arranging the fish.
woman with black uniform and hat cleaning a table.
a couple of animals playing outside
the musician is playing a black and red accordion
this beach is a popular destination for families.
"there is a man sitting at a desk surrounded by technology, and working on his laptop."
a small boy in a lake eating a watermelon.
"a man is walking across a bridge, buildings with asian writing in background"
white and black men in wet black shirts hold hands outside as they run.
two young men throw a green object back and forth.
a dog is reading the newspaper.
"a woman is riding a majestic, translucent steed."
the boy in a blue shirt lost his toy car in a tree.
a dog is jumping in the air with flowers in his mouth on a very windy day.
a man smiles as he looks down at an orange sports car that's parked at a curb.
a hockey player in uniform is sitting on a hockey court.
a dog is running away from it's owner.
the players are playing ultimate frisbee.
a man is bent over.
a team of synchronized swimmers compete in a tournament.
the gentleman is enjoying nice weather.
two kids sleeping on a futon
three dancers perform for an audience.
a man makes a cocktail
a man is fast asleep on the train.
there are little girls riding bright red tricycles outside.
the two men are watching tv
the camp leader sits at his desk.
three people over a culvert looking into the water beside an alligator caution sign
a woman uses a skimmer to clean an outdoor swimming pool.
two men are fighting with pretend swords in a medieval show.
a woman in a blue-green shirt is reading from loose-leaf sheets of paper next to two other people.
the boys are brothers
multiple teenagers outdoors racing against each other while sitting on bouncing balls.
two females are blowing bubbles with their gum.
a train is on display.
beach-goers in bathing suits use the outdoor showers on a pier.
a black and white dog in midair over a hurdle.
a man shovels snow while standing between two black trucks.
four people are sitting
two football teams engaged in competitive action against each other.
the men in the orange vests were sitting down.
a football team is playing outside on a clear day while people sit in lawn chairs and watch.
a man and a baby sitting on a blanket on the lawn.
a man with his two dogs sitting as two girls and a boy walk by on a street corner.
a bullrider is riding a bull as spectators look on.
a man bowling
people are not looking at the vendor
a woman takes pictures at the beach.
"two people on a street, one person looking down."
a man wearing a white t-shirt working on his mac computer.
the people are in the rain at the beach.
a football player runs with a football across a field with team members and opponents in background.
a camel is carrying things.
a cowboy is getting jerked around
the man is waiting for a job interview
a green car parked near a crowded space.
she is playing a tuba.
they are sitting down having dinner.
people are waiting.
four boys are standing outside by a piano and palm trees.
the man is wearing a bear costume.
the person has long blue hair
dog running in the surf
a young woman is trying on dresses.
three women dress up as ninjas for a costume party.
a race car blows smoke while it drives.
a boy is playing in the water without his mom.
a woman examines an earring at a store
the man tries to catch his wife.
4 tall teenagers.
a man goes snowshoeing in the winter with mountains in the background.
a woman is sitting
young men in hate clap their hands.
a man throws a beach ball to his girlfriend.
the girl is holding a guys head
a man in the snow covered forest
there are dogs.
people inside and outside of booths at an event.
the old man is thinking hard
kids in a canoe on a body of water
a woman shops for jewelry.
a child holds both of his hands out to his left.
two people are on the floor.
a cyclist with racing gear going down a road.
a snowmobile going down a hill
the pet is going for a ride in the car.
two mountain climbers are outdoors.
boy and white dog running in grassy field
a dirt bike rider wearing a yellow jumpsuit is in the air as another person watches.
five people dance.
a girl is holding a container of liquid while sitting.
a woman is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.
there are women performing a physical activity.
a person wields a musical instrument.
"a man wearing pink, purple, and yellow pants is walking his dog."
a kayaker is paddeling a kayak in rapids with a group of his friends in other kayaks.
the girls are learning
the woman moved a loom.
the couple were discussing whether to go into the coffee shop or not
the man is wearing bermuda shorts and a hawaiian-print shirt
a young man parasailing in the ocean.
retirement community takes shopping trip to kohls.
man in float in the water.
three men play a game in the dark
two men are near some food.
the road is long
"during a soccer game, two players jump up to headbutt the ball."
a little blond girl is laying on the couch inside.
football players are partying.
a little girl looking through a newspaper.
two look-alike dogs running in the green grass.
a group of people are speaking
a man in midair on a skateboard.
a man that is sitting is reaching into a box.
"the person is reading ""to kill a mockingbird."""
two men check e-mail on their laptops.
the boy is trying to eat like a hamster and has a pile of spaghetti in his cheecks.
a man is practicing riding a unicycle for his circus audition.
a skier slaloms through the trees on a snow-covered mountain slope
people standing on a rug.
a rock band plays for a crowd of people.
the girls are saluting the soldier.
"a man is at the olympics, throwing the javelin for his country"
the man and woman are looking at something.
a barefoot man asks for change.
a man shouting at a bear.
a guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk.
"the man is climbing a ladder, about ready to clean his gutters."
an old woman sits with her children in a straw hut with a blue blanket and yellow pillow.
two men are playing music and singing.
tour guide showing a monument.
a father is holding is little girl.
a tall balding person
a guy and lady are posing and people are laughing at them.
a child is holding a cleanser in front of an oven.
a young asian woman is washing her clothes in the muddy river.
the kids are splashing in puddles .
"two tan dogs, one larger than the other, interact in a grassy yard enclosed by a wooded fence."
twins dressed identically attempting to switch places.
this person is skiing.
there's a guy on the beach.
a fence is being painted red.
a empty class in a big auditorium.
a woman screams as a man throws a deck of cards.
two dogs with matching orange collars are running outside.
there are tents in the background
the girl is preparing to fight the wild dog with her bare hands.
the white dog is running outdoors.
a man drilling on the window of a building
a basketball game is in progress.
a man helping a boy ride a bicycle.
two boys buying food from an outdoor vendor.
a white greyhound wearing a yellow and black jacket is running on a track.
two girl study biology
a man with a white shirt with his mouth open wide and turning buttons.
the band is marching for the parade.
the girl is jumping on a trampoline.
a man approaches a blue and green building.
three women in the foreground and one man in the background lay fully-clothed in the shells and rocks of a beach.
mumford and sons warm up before a show.
two men are being lifted up by a piece of heavy machinery.
two little blond girls twirl their hair.
the person is getting ready for a race.
the family of six is taking pictures for a christmas card.
the women are part of a small musical group and are rehearsing for a concert.
two people in different outfits are sliding down a water ride.
a woman showing a littler girl the inside of a computer
all the saxophone players are wearing jackets.
two women are slapping one another.
there is a parade at night
and he crows with his nose.
"little boy runs downhill at camera, gazebo in background."
a woman sleeping near a river bank.
a student practicing fencing
the cowboy is dancing.
a guy does a spinning kick to hit a ball.
the men are watching bollywood movies in the park.
the badly sunburned painter wishes he'd brought sunscreen as he paints the city
people are setting up a tent
a blonde girls bowls a red ball
a man working on a small model airplane.
two people are standing near to each other.
a man explains a display to two other men.
a blond woman plays with her dog in the grass.
the woman was alone.
a band plays inside
a white car is parked next to some houses in a third world country.
a woman walking her children through the park.
a man dressed in black rides a green bike.
the people are sitting down in the dining room.
a person is outside.
a child wearing a red jacket is sitting on the man's shoulders.
an old lady selling off used clothing at a market.
a man holding a cigarette is kissing a woman at a bar while people are sitting behind them.
teenage girls are gathered near a wall in a city.
getting my new car clean and shiny.
"a man is wearing a suit jacket with a ""free word"" sign on it."
a group of people are playing african tribal music on drums.
a surfer in blue rides a wave.
three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy.
an owl on a picnic table at a dock.
the men are black.
the ball is being thrown towards the catcher.
and old woman holds a green plant outside of a rustic building.
two carpenters examine the lumber they will work with.
three asian girls sitting on bench
two hippies smoke weed
a woman in a hat is a salesperson.
a woman runs on the treadmill.
a man with red hair is shaving.
indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.
some friends are at the top of a massive water slide.
a man in a yellow shirt is doing something with a log on the beach.
a person is dressed up
a bride and groom pose outdoors.
workers wear aprons
someone sits alone in a car.
a man performing motorcycle stunt
three teammates are playing soccer on a grass field.
the woman is sitting on a bench with a cellphone.
a baseball player is running.
a child putting together a puzzle.
a girl is party of a halloween party.
the race is going on to support charity.
the person through beautiful body of water in the air
horses are being raced for money.
a man and a woman are on the street with a child in a stroller.
a tattooed woman taking a picture with a digital camera.
a boy is in a state park
the race car is being driven down the racetrack.
the players are currently fighting with fists.
a monkey is jumping towards another monkey on a smooth rock.
a boy is winning a 200 meter dash.
a girl is outside in a garden.
a child is standing on a post.
grownups are dancing.
a child is in a field.
a woman is waling inside of the builiding
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a doorway.
a man doing what he loves to do best.
a single hiker with an orange backpack walks on a trail through a mountainous landscape.
a woman walks with her crying baby among children wearing face paint at a carnival
a circus performer is performing the climax of the show.
there are black puppies in the house
a woman in ethnic dress dances.
a little boy enjoys his brand new toy car.
a father carries a crying boy on his shoulders.
two women jump into the air.
two people talk while standing by their bikes.
a group of people walking away from a building.
a man and woman standing next to the ohio state mascot.
the man is dressed as a cop.
two children are laughing while playing.
woman in a pink shirt and wearing a pink hat in front of table with food on it.
a young boy runs through the water on a beach near trees.
an asian city at night with a large number of people walking around.
people are in orange uniforms
a group of kids with their hands raised in the air.
the man is a circus performer.
the cyclists were fierce rivals as they raced to the finish line.
a snowball jumps off of a well crafted ski-run
the young girl doesn't have legs.
the elderly men are laying in hospital beds.
a boy leaning on a stick is holding the wrist of a smaller boy.
a child jumps in a pile of leaves.
a man is on a farm.
the bride and groom are going on their honeymoon.
the crowd is there on a tour
man drags what seems to be a wooden board with a carpet atop of a shallow body of water.
a man blocks a goal during a soccer game as other kids stand in the background.
the men share a passionate kiss.
the people are walking in the city.
there is a couple getting married at a pond.
a man is using his surboard in the ocean
men holding beer bottles are face down in the snow.
two boys sit in a blue toy car.
there are workers wearing hard hats.
the asian soccer player uses her right foot to kick the ball.
the person is sitting in a canoe.
she is a hot dog vendor.
several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people.
the old man is putting potato chips in his mouth.
a woman eating an apple.
people making out
there are several skaters on the streets.
the dances move in unison.
a row of children are screaming.
a man in a vest works outside.
two men are playing guitars while a woman watches from behind them.
there is someone playing a game
a small child uses a grinding machine while wearing safety glasses.
one asian cook is teaching the other cook how to make a special dish for their customers.
men is playing rouhly wiht the baby.
a pig is rolling through some mud.
a man is watching something in the sky.
a woman is passing a man.
three older people are surrounding a grill.
a small sweets vendor sells under a tent at night.
a young woman in a crowd of racers.
the children are seated quietly in their home.
three people are on a balcony.
there is a baby in a swing.
a person asking someone a question.
a girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek.
there are two boats river rafting away.
the man is using a paint brush.
a fireman putting out a fire.
a guy wearing a gray t-shirt is shaving is face.
people are gathering for a community event.
a man does a cradle trick with a yo-yo.
a couple is walking down the street and waves at an indian couple
a child is standing in the snow with a shovel
"in this photo, indian men and women are in a parade dancing."
a child is wearing glasses
the two baseball players are watching from the stands
the man was fast asleep in his hammock.
a person is biking in a national park.
a businessman is taking a break
a goalie makes a game winning save
a man has lost his shirt.
the quarterback threw a touchdown.
a woman in a black bathing suit is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach next to the ocean.
two women are preparing lunch in a dirty kitchen.
the man is fishing in a creek.
the yellow and green team played soccer
black and white dog has blue ball in mouth.
a skateboarder is riding their skateboard.
two black dogs are playing outside.
the soccer players are on the ground outside
sun is really hot on the day time making people sweat
a girl is raising her hand.
the three people were talking about healthcare and how people on obamacare are fairing.
a man breakdancing in front of a crowd.
an old woman in a pink dress is holding a hose.
two female are outdoors.
two girls look through a window
there are no skateboarders doing tricks.
there are eight children in school uniforms standing in the doorway of a building speaking with an older woman.
children are playing outdoors.
a man walks down a graffitied neighborhood with a boom box.
the baby is in front of the computer.
a woman chases a dog down the street with a stick.
this is the winning kick of the game.
two girls relax on a weekend at home
a butcher is getting an order for a customer.
man in a suit with red vest talking to a woman in a jacket with a fur collar.
two people playing baseball while other team watch from sideline.
woman standing inside a window with artwork.
"the dog is going to his ""secret bone-hiding"" place to deposit his newest piece."
men on a street.
a man practices martial arts.
a girl is in a bowling alley.
a dog is playing fetch outside.
a plane is flying through the sky leaving a trail of smoke behind it.
an old man playing the violin is being watched by a child.
adult man playing on swing
woman trying to get taxi
two men have hockey sticks.
a woman is mopping up the spilled milk.
they are sitting on a bench.
a man with a white t-shirt and red hat is working outside a house.
a skateboard sacks the camera out of the man's hands.
a man with no shirt beginning to enter a bath.
a woman is taking a picture of something above her with a digital camera.
a young woman hides a beanie baby inside her hood.
two people on a vacation are taking pictures.
"a small, blond baby looks for a toy in the washing machine."
the little boy is his biggest fan
the eleven people are throwing a football
girlscouts are selling cookies.
a man is surfing in a competition.
a man wears a lab coat.
a little boy is holding a hot air balloon.
a chef is teaching the new employee how to prepare sushi.
several people are having a conversation in the alley
the cab driver's child waiting alone.
an orchestra is playing music for the construction workers.
workers are on a jobsite.
a cat chases a dog
one man helps another man.
"the banner says ""merry christmas""."
three teenagers standing around a building.
someone is making a call.
a group of people are about to get their picture taken.
the woman wearing a cowboy hat is posing on a bucking white horse.
fans were enthusiastic by rock and roll.
a young woman is eating a large steak.
dogs playing fetch.
two women are gossiping about a man walking by.
a woman having a drink is shaking hands with someone.
this wine is very tasty
a man is walking with two plastic bags.
a barbecue with at least two attendants in an undisclosed location.
the patient has a needle in his arm.
girl in pink shirt posing in the garden.
the two men are laying on the ground.
a couple in a dancing contest peform a move.
a boy skateboards on a wooden bench.
a brunette woman in a robin's egg blue apron is milking a brown animal.
a girl splashing in the water
the girl jumps into lava.
a group of singers is standing around a conductor.
a woman is holding a boys hand.
a girl is running in the snow
a group of students are watching the surrounding.
a large green and blue fish leaps from the water.
a boy is looking at fish.
a man looks like he's in pain as he runs in a race.
a man is walking around in a desert where it's about to rain.
a female worker at the department store is working hard.
two boys in red bathing suits sitting on the side of a pool.
a group of men are in a car at the stop light.
a tattoo artist happily applying tattoo ink
a woman carries a small backpack with purple lettering.
a group of teenagers in a car.
the boy is looking for his little sister who is coming home from school.
a woman and a young girl walk/
they are english.
a woman picks up a child from the floor.
a young boy has flour on his face.
the man in the sweatshirt is eating donuts.
a sad girl jumps of a playhouse onto a rubber mattress in a daycare facility.
a girl is hugging her boyfriend before they go into the classroom.
the boy was jogging around the track.
two men and a woman playing a happy game of spin the bottle.
a football player is calling a time out while his teammates prepare to play football.
a skateboarder stalls on the lip of a bowl while his friends watch in the background.
a girl about to do some coloring
a bus-boy cleaning
a boy is bodysurfing in the waves at the beach
the traffic light is hazardous
two swimmers compete in a diving match.
a man riding a dirt bike
a woman taking a picture of two dogs.
a male in a white shirt and dark shorts is outside playing basketball.
part of the city is being dug up.
a person sleeping next to his instruments.
a boy watches a construction worker curiously as he repairs his porch.
a chef in a red apron and white hat is carving meat from a spit.
a boy jumping from chair to chair.
a girl is stealing the shoes from people on the bench.
a man with a beard and white bandannas is playing the guitar on the sidewalk.
the man is working on a spreadsheet.
a man in green is skateboarding.
the lanky man is wearing a yellow hat.
a man and his dog playing
a worker wearing safety equipment including a life vest and hard hat is working on some big machine near water.
people are walking around a yard sale in the snow.
a man in a brown shirts standing underneath the sign for a clothing store.
three women who are on a softball team are practicing in their spare time.
kids are at the ymca.
some young girls standing in a group some with their arms around each other.
a girl shovels dirt for a garden.
a rodeo competition where the contest is roping calves.
a girl is looking through her pink binoculars.
the person is enjoying the shade of a tree on a warm day
two women ordering some cheese.
"the young, asian man is on the beach sunbathing."
a young boy in adorable pajamas practices mopping the floor.
a man in a black t-shirt is waxing the chest of another man.
person playing a game.
an asian man sleeps in a chair outdoors.
the mayor speaks in front of a crowd.
a group of people are riding a tour bus in a city.
the children are in a swimming pool playing with a beach ball.
a football player wears his favorite team's uniform.
three people are playing uno.
"two people walking down a sidewalk, both of which are carrying balloons."
two women on a construction site.
he has good balance.
a woman is looking at some fruits.
the group of children applaud the man for balancing a silver ball at the circus.
a brown dog races on an obstacle course.
a woman jumps a hurdle on the track.
several runners are practicing for a competition.
a worker is under a light.
several employees approach a snowy developer building.
men are camping.
a man holds a surfboard.
women hold on to safety bars on a crowded bus.
a can of soup eats a man.
a man is selling roses in his store.
the lady is asleep in bed.
a brown animal jumping.
two brothers are hanging out.
"a small child wearing steamed goggles, leans against a green floating device while resting in water."
people standing outside the glass door are wearing odd outfits.
the man is a baseball player .
a woman talks on a cellphone on an asian market street.
a man is sleeping in front of people.
a young woman covers her eyes because the sun is so bright on the mountaintop.
two girls and one man are selling food which was made on a grill by the side of their car on an empty parking lot.
the man is at a club taking pictures.
the girl is skateboarding outside.
the man is crouching
a man with a dress and baseball bat is hitting people.
"three men are playing cricket wearing white pants and shirts, where one man is bowling, another is trying to hit the ball and third man is behind the man with a bat trying to stump him."
the attractive lady is wearing a red blouse
the women are skateboarding down a busy street.
the dog jumps through the water
a girl is having a music performance outdoors
a dog playing fetch with a yellow ball at the beach.
a crowd of people watch as their train passes them by.
two moutain climbers are inside.
a man in a cast uses a camcorder while another man watches him.
a man is driving carefully.
a woman and her daughter sleep.
a dog with a brown spot around one eye walking in front of a black dog.
some people watching tv at night.
an old woman is looking at a camera.
the customers are cooking their own food.
zebra in zoo
a man is writing on a chalkboard.
the old man in the blue shirt is looking down over the railing.
a boy has clean shorts.
people are talking on their cellphones about the recent dip in stock prices.
the man just fell off of his bicycle.
a man walks outdoors.
a boy straddles a bridge on a play set outside.
man dressed in white playing sports.
the people in red are playing football.
a person is having their portrait painted in a room surrounded by flowers.
a gymnast wearing a maroon and black outfit has just completed a routine and is posting on the gym mat.
a young boy in jeans and a dark jacket slides down a slide towards the camera.
a big mannequin at a lingerie show with a woman getting fitted in the background.
the girls are riding a motorcycle.
the girl is taking a shower
three friends sit waiting in a lobby.
a male bicyclist rides his bike on and off of ramps.
little boy and a dog are playing in a fenced in backyard with snow on the ground.
the man is standing in a shopping mall.
a woman in red sitting waiting to have her fortune told at a fortune tellers.
two boys play with a fire engine toy
a man and child are looking at something.
a man loads cardboard moving boxes onto the trailer.
two men are black.
three people hiking up a mountain in a blizzard.
a soccer player who has just attempted a goal kick is burying his face in the field in frustration as the ball sits by the goal post and the goal keeper looks out towards the crowd and the rest of the field.
four people are standing and listening to a woman in a blue scoop neck.
some people standing on a street corner talking.
three athletes in red and white uniforms and helmets.
man splitting wood next to a white teepee tent.
a young boy sits on the shoulders of his father while holding a balloon.
two parents talk to their child
the woman on the phone is talking to her grandmother.
the baby is outdoors.
the man with the backpack is waiting outside of an apartment building.
the people are picking pumpkins.
two males are looking away from a photographer.
commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.
a woman holds a small child.
the two animals are dogs.
some horses running loose through the park.
the man and woman hug.
two people are eating christmas dinner.
four people are trying to draw the best tiger they can.
a man windsurfing
a group performs in front of a crowd.
the family is poor
the white dog is playing playing frisbee at the park.
a girl scout is bagging things.
the photo is clear.
a u.s. military marching band marches down a street as part of a parade.
there is a balloon outside.
the man is playing an instrument
the man is throwing a stick to the dog.
the kids and adults were at a picnic gathering
a boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
a man in a black shirt protesting the law requiring men to wear shirts.
a college student looks through a microscope focusing on a specimen.
two drivers are racing another car.
the adult makes the children behave
a snowboarder is snowboarding down a ramp.
a football player throws a football.
a young man poses with a stick.
people playing cricket.
a band is at a huge festival playing music.
walking down a busy street on a rainy day.
men are working cleaning windows while on scaffolding.
a crowd of people watch as a remax hot air balloon gets ready to take off.
the grass is high
two teams are shooting marbles.
luggage carts all lined up and ready to be moved.
the people are dancing on their rollerskates.
a little girl is wearing an orange shirt and holding a red wallet.
a woman is listing a baby girl into the lap of a bear.
she is talking on the phone and dancing.
a woman is texting on her phone.
a mother cradles her school-aged son in her arms.
a slim woman looks at pictures in her camera.
the group in traditional clothing is playing instruments.
a little girl in a red rain hat kicks at a man covered in mud.
a man standing near other men is waiting in line.
"three men in red and white striped shirts, white pants, and black hats hold flags."
a human carving
two workers are baking a cake.
the man is sitting in a lounge chair on the beach.
a man takes out a bank loan.
a man is walking his two show dogs through the park.
father kissing his daughter on the forhead.
"a woman in white, wearing a tiara, the beach in the background."
a tired man naps on his son's shoulder.
the workers in the maintenance department continued to clean the area after heavy rains.
a man as lit a cigarette and is breathing in harmful chemicals.
two large dogs playfight over a toy at the local dog park.
people on bikes by a building.
whoever is in the car is a resident of ohio.
a policeman is investigating an incident
a race car goes down a road.
they are being silent.
a man is climbing an ice mountain.
a crate of sardines is surrounded by a group of bystanders.
a woman in a red dress is walking with a man and a white dog.
two ladies are eating dinner
the people in the background are all wearing thimbles.
a man in his house is cleaning his weapon.
the snowboarder is smiling while tricker over the beatle car.
a cat is playing with a ball
a famous celebrity surrounded by adoring fans asking for autographs.
the people are looking at a toy dog.
a old man is waiting for the game to begin.
"the mans hat is black and says in red letters ""wasted"""
a man is standing by a train.
a lady is holding a toddler.
the men are sitting in a field.
three people throw rocks at a dog.
"a skateboarder wearing black jeans, white t-shirt and red ball cap coming off the lip of a ramp and suspended in the air."
a child enjoys her birthday with her friends.
many people are standing around outside.
one of the men is smoking
"a little girl is wearing red goggles, a red shirt and blue skirt."
a man is photographing a woman in a swimsuit.
there is construction going on in the scene.
the red car is on a road.
a boy is sitting by the ocean.
a man snowboards down a snow-covered hill.
a guy is resting next to something he could eat.
the people are opening presents.
the man in the gray t-shirt is jumping.
the man is rappeling for the first time.
a woman is waiting for her boyfriend in a park by a lake.
a doctor talking to a patient.
a woman eats a banana while watching tv.
a child in a white shirt in a train passenger car.
three kids waiting in the canal are playing
a boy tosses a rock across a river.
a boy skateboarder is grinding on a rail.
men stand on a lighted stage outside.
a man wearing yellow smokes a joint.
a woman reads to her ailing father in the nursing home.
a small girl in red shirt walking alone in a yellow parking lot.
the construction worker is working on a house.
a person is writing.
the child is lost.
a bunch of people are at the beach.
a rock and roll disturbed the public.
a man is throwing the ball.
a man in a red hat gazes from the top of a skyscraper.
a man walking in front of a department store.
the mascot is dancing at a pep rally.
there are people on a plane.
a female stripper in a bikini cooks.
a scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort.
a woman wearing a shirt that has risen up from the waist of her jeans.
women pointing at a geyser.
a little girl with her head down.
a woman is getting her blood pressure checked.
a father is watching his son canoe.
oriental people working outside.
a man records himself.
a baby sleeps in his crib.
a sad boy with a black shirt is skateboarding in a park with graffiti.
weird al is conservative.
the woman is an athlete
the people have elephants for sale.
one female wearing a blue sweatshirt and ski cap is holding a camera and jumping.
there is a barber who is very famous
a man with no hair is kissing another man
women are jumping.
a couple is getting anniversary pictures taken.
a woman is working
a man skateboarding against a construction wall reading no bikes.
a person surfing near a beach.
a man is window shopping.
a man is wearing a red clown nose while standing outside and talking to another man.
a man is playing an accordion on the street corner
military man getting some food at the mess hall.
the youths played a summer concert .
a baby is playing with his stuffed animals.
the woman wearing black is asian.
a boat worker drives a boat down the street to the restaurant.
some people are outdoors
peter pan was 87.
"two construction workers in front of large glass panels stand behind a chain link fence in front of which is a parked, red motor scooter."
a small child and a small black cat.
two girls are eating lunch at the mall food court.
the mailbox is open
people are about to start arguing.
a man in a parade playing drums while celebrating the independence of america.
a group of kids splashing in a pool.
a woman and a puppy are in bed watching tv
a small boy in red is jumping.
the woman is dressed
a man is outside standing next to a parking meter
young boy leaps from a platform at a fenced in playgroud
an asian man is in a karaoke bar.
the practice player is the female batter teammate.
the young children go shopping.
some men are standing around.
a man is racing
a man wearing a tool t-shirt plays on his laptop.
a black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room.
the kid is ice skating.
the young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.
a woman is waiting by a building for her lover.
a group of people are inside a temple.
there is a group of children being observed by their father.
the man is carting the girl around.
a flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach.
men running a race outside.
the man is waiting for his family to arrive.
a child is at a rally with a palestinian flag.
people are walking on the sidewalk in a city.
a woman participates in a dirt bike race through the woods.
a dog swims in the ocean.
peoples at the middle of the road blocking traffic
a man with a green jacket and black hat is standing near the doorway of his house.
two men are at the bar.
a band performing a song.
boy likes to run
a blonde woman is posing on the beach.
two high school wrestlers are competing
the woman is toally nude
a snowboarder is sitting in the snow.
two young girls in skeleton costumes attached to a leash.
a group of people eat dinner on a train car.
a weary old man takes a seat in the audience.
a woman hammering a piece of hot metal is fit.
a man is entering his vehicle.
a white girl with long hair is dressed in warm clothes.
the construction workers are building a wall.
men holding a fishing net.
a woman in an orange jacket sits on a bench waiting for a friend.
toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.
a man with glasses and a mustache opens up a wooden door.
a curly-haired man is spilling drinks on the audience
two males are walking on a sidewalk.
a group of young people is at a bar partying
a man in a black hoodie and sunglasses is holding a microphone while a man in a ski masks plays guitar
a man in a shirt and a man in a gray ripped sweater outside.
people are buying items
the men are dancing vigorously on a steamroller.
a soaked old man is disappointed after accidentally tripping into a puddle.
two men are walking dogs.
two people are standing along a small canal on a dimly light street.
the guitar is covered in stickers.
woman talk to each other outside while one of them hangs clothes up to dry.
a white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
a young woman in yellow watches a surfing lesson from her board.
the group of chess players didn't let the red substance ruin their game.
three men are standing in a crowd talking.
man takes frames
a man wearing blue coveralls is handing a tool to another person.
the woman watches an asian program on tv.
a show is being videotaped
the skier is in a race.
"the hotel has many guests, so it is a busy day."
a dirt biker is competing in a race.
a female officer is directing traffic.
a native american woman portraying a headdress.
a girl wearing blue walking with her dogs down the stairs.
a group are showing their hands.
a man with an antique camera uses his iphone.
two people are sitting next to each-other.
two men are walking
the man is running around a track
the employee is chinese.
three girls are knitting for a class course
a group of people are at the circus.
two people pose by a fence.
some men meet in a lobby.
a construction worker is clearing the area around the foundation of a building.
a man an woman have a picnic at the beach
a dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something.
a man in a baseball cap holding a guitar with a woman in gray in the foreground.
the man is eating his food.
the woman is staring at the man in lust.
a man in a black dress is showing two other men his ring on a city sidewalk.
men with blue painted face are performing outside at night in front of a big fire.
the men are drinking soda.
a football player in navy blue takes the snap as a play unfolds.
the people are competing in a race.
a man is contemplating taking pictures of some figurines
the worker is wearing red.
a girl in a black and red leotard performs on the uneven bars for gymnastics.
a child in a red parka slides down a snowy hill.
a man and women are on the beach.
two men rest on the top of a mountain.
a man is on top of the water in a boat.
there are only two people shown here.
a man tries to seel yoyos to his onlookers
there is not a restaurant.
college students are outside
only men are participating in the parade.
the girl is preparing for her big gymnastics showcase on sunday.
the blonde woman is sitting on a bench.
children looking at books.
a person on the street.
"a man in uniform is cracking an egg into a large, metal bowl while inside of a large tent."
there are two dogs playing fetch.
a guy with a green beanie on his head is standing with his eyes closed besides a display board on the wall.
nobody is constructing.
the is a concert  at a crowded hall
the employees at this factory are not allowed to wear aprons.
the female is having fun
two hockey players are mad at each other.
several sports players do exercises on the field.
a few people are walking on a street through a busy city on a nice day.
a boy is throwing a frisbee.
a man holds the hair of a woman to show her matching tattoo.
two men walk by a shop window
a bird of prey on a branch.
a construction worker overseeing someone digging with a machine.
the boys are wearing a school uniform.
two well dressed custodians sweep an intricately decorated mosque.
a young lady looks at dresses she will buy
a boy is eating an apple.
nobody is stanidng
the teams are rebuilding cars.
the girl is there with her parents.
the man and his wife stole the kid from a hospital and are raising them as their own child.
the ensemble is sitting in the audience.
two workers lifting heavy machinery in the rain.
two dogs are fighting in the grass.
two swimmers are competing.
the girl is reading in her bed.
the man is wearing a green polo shirt
the guys are on a boat.
two people wearing yellow jackets crosscountry skiing.
a family watches tv in the living room.
a black dog is chasing a beat up ball in the snow
people are posing.
the young asian boy looks at his reflection in the park.
some hikers are taking photographers on a hill.
a man is going to get the pole.
the girl is holding the infant.
two older men are riding horses
a man alone on a gravely beach.
two guys take a picture.
a sponsored motorcyclist is making a turn on a racing circuit.
people are climbing the staircase to the roof.
a child watches a band play music
a person is doing yoga
"these two people are in baseball uniforms, making a play at base."
a man is carrying boxes.
a dog with a reflective garmet running down a rural road
small girl wearing a white sweater standing between branches of a tree with green leaves.
a man is on his motorcycle.
a little girl in a red sweater and red headband holds onto a tree limb and sticks out her tongue.
the bench is made of oak.
there is a group of people fighting over a dish.
a person in a coat is leaving a photo shop.
a blue train collides with a small car.
the guitarist has hello kitty on their guitar.
a man is standing on a big rock overlooking a valley.
a bike rider is caught midair in front of some trees.
the boy is in a water park.
the boy is having a picnic.
the man is holding a pool stick in his hands.
5 people chatting around an outdoor patio.
a race car is smoking on the track.
people jogging down the street.
young boys standing outside around a fire waiting for their food to arrive.
a man is taking the trolley to work
two people demonstrate martial arts
"man putting on pants with ""artisti"" sign on the door."
a tow truck driver helping a white car
a dog chased a squirrel up a tree and is waiting for it to come back down.
"a lady in hanging off a red trolley, waving."
the twins are playing stickball.
a group of men are playing a board game.
women are performing.
the asian person is swimming with friends
he is on top of mt. everest
the kids are enjoying playing hide and seek
seller seller vegetables
a young couple is taking the dog for a walk.
a girl is enjoying a smoke outside.
a boy and two ladies are sitting.
three small children are playing with toys on a table while waiting for their parents to return.
he is walking through his house.
the man is inside a building.
youngsters are ruff housing.
there is a cat chasing a dog.
two man in the army with a small boy from the area.
three students of a sport stand in front of a man at an event.
two men are out in the snow in front of a tree.
a group of people are hauling hay to their cattle in the field.
a guitar player sits not playing with a guitar by some people who wait to hear music.
the woman is wearing a tiara.
the woman is wearing black sunglasses.
the group of people seem to be happy.
the duck is in the playpen.
there are people in the tent.
three children are gathered around.
the men like childrens shows.
the children are wearing bathing suits.
a woman with a bag around her standing in the street
two men are building a straw roof.
a nun in the kitchen makes breakfast
the girl is sitting on a couch with a dog.
a dog is trying to climb a tree.
the rugby players are female and are wearing blue.
a man is standing near wood and electrical cords.
the workers are putting up the frames to a future church.
a woman's dog is being trained to search for signs of early cancer warnings.
a woman weaves cloth.
"child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons."
a climbing person uses a specialized tool to help.
an older man stands in a crowd wearing a ballerina outfit.
the child is active.
"in front of a seated crowd, a man receives a beard trim during a hair cutting class."
the happy child runs towards his father.
a man puts a thing in a tree with a short pole
the machine lifts some dirt.
two toddler boys look onward from the playground.
five people are playing a board game.
a family in the sand
the little girl is playing on the beach.
two dancers have tossed battons.
a woman is bowling with some friends.
the greyhound is running in a race trying to catch the bunny.
a woman wearing a red dress is playing a string instrument.
workers labor to build transportation.
a child with long hair stands in a rocky area
the women have exposed skin from their torsos.
a young boy is begging for forgiveness
three male friends in shorts stand together having a conversation.
a woman is sitting on a beach while talking on a cell phone and scratching her shoulder while 5 other people walk behind her.
a motorcycle is driving down the street.
one of the two guys is wearing a jacket.
a golfer is rubbing his eyes from the sun.
two guys playing music with a band
the children are at the playground.
some people are sitting around a table.
the girl is in the ocean.
the boy with the guitar is sitting on a stool.
a masked man in a halloween mask looks on at a woman.
the man withe the whislte is walking up the stairs.
a baseball player is walking across the field.
women hold a bag.
the blades of the scissors overlap.
the people are mad because the man isn't playing his songs.
a boy is in a pool with his dad.
the police men were outside the store.
a dressed woman standing at a podium debating.
a girl and her dog looking into the depths of a stream.
"the citizens have a good snowy day, but remember summer."
the person dives into the pool
"people are entertained by a bag of items, while in a subway station."
three men biking to work.
a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
a bartender prepares many blended drinks.
a person helps a woman stand back up.
a woman poses for the camera in front of other people eating and drinking.
one older man in a game preserve is standing
"on a city street, several people are present, many of them talking and wearing casual outfits, including a man with white pants at the front of the picture who is walking with his back to the camera with a canadian flag opened and draped down his back."
a dog is playing in a pool.
a woman smiles
two girls are singing to each other.
a street area
a boy is standing on the seat of a playground swing.
three bridesmaids at a friend's wedding.
a man takes a break from hiking and sits under a cliff.
a person is riding a wakeboard.
cats are fighting.
the people are fishing at a frozen lake.
a child is napping without pajamas on.
two young people are in a field holding hands.
men in army camouflage sitting in a half circle talking.
the woman is getting her makeup done for a funeral.
a doctor taking a patients blood pressure.
the crowd is staring at the mans eye wondering what happened.
there is a big convention going on this week so there is a lot of traffic.
two people are crossing a street.
three women dressed in suits stand near a wall.
a body of water has many growing plants on its surface.
there is a man sitting on a couch and drinking from a red cup.
two uniformed men having a conversation outside of a factory.
a man is making a landscape mural on the garage door.
workers create an object out of metal and wood.
a girl studies for a math test.
gentleman with blue tie was talking into a microphone
the fountain is worth sitting on
a man is sitting on a bench waiting for a bus.
people are dancing in the tropics.
several children are inside playing.
the man is tending to the reindeer.
a man in all black with a visor on is golfing while a large crowd watches.
a ball is being lobbed through the air
yoda's robe is paisley.
a man in tan pants and a blue shirt is staking on a public trashcan.
a lady in a red dress and a guy in a pinstriped suit (but with no jacket) are dancing the tango in a courtyard with an amplifier plugged into a wall.
the man was just on the moon and has returned.
"a man is holding a large, water-spraying hose while another man watches."
a baby is by the beach
a woman makes quilts.
a blond woman is talking to another woman.
women reading magazines
a cowboy being kicked off of a horse at a rodeo.
a man drops his notecards on the ground.
to fully dressed ladies wave to other people because they knew them
a tall human jumping
the child is drinking milk from her sippy cup while swinging
the students are outside for recess.
a married couple celebrating an anniversary.
black dog jumping bar in obstacle course
a kid is showing his video game talent to his friends.
a lady in a white hat and sunglasses riding a bicycle.
"two young ladies, one blond talking on the cellphone, one brunette texting, are walking on the summer street."
 an upset young boy is sitting on a skateboard holding a new smartphone.
people are sitting on a bench in front a body of water in the summertime.
the three girls sat on the beach gazing at the water.
a man is sitting in an alleyway.
a young couple stand next to some baskets
four persons are using the musical instruments.
two women ignore each other at a supermarket
a man is lying in the snow with a pair of skis on and snow attire.
a group of people with their faces painted are standing outside.
crowds pass while men hold up festival decorations.
the race is dangerous
a food vendor is on a street.
"a woman is laying on a float in the pool, soaking up the sun."
a man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.
a brothers teaches his younger sibling how to skate.
animals outside playing tug of war.
men sitting down in a circle.
a woman and a man eating dinner inside a restaurant.
the two women are wearing long dresses
a man is getting into a van.
a dog takes a nap on the porch.
the girl is moving through the air outdoors.
a black cat is napping on a windowsill.
jason mraz is performing a song on his guitar for his male audience.
the man is smoking a cigarette in his own home.
two women and a man are wearing medieval blue and gold robes and red hats dressing in costume.
the man has coffee
a man taking a break next to his verizon truck
someone is skiing
a crowd gathers around a drummer as they wait for a train.
a young boy in jeans shows off his dance moves on a red dance floor.
the beach is deserted.
men play rugby.
the girl is playing with a dog
the people are rich.
the man jumped toward the pool.
"a young boy wearing goggles, a vest, and arm floaties is swimming in a pool."
a worker is very hot while he builds the wall.
the yard has a dog.
there are some people having a picnic
a happy child looks at her sister
"white dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage, sky in background."
it's a school photo.
a man rides a bucking horse in a rodeo.
"a woman in a white shirt stands behind a counter, in the kitchen of an empty restaurant with brick walls."
there are two men talking in a restaurant.
a young woman jogs in the park.
"a young woman is sitting in a chair on the beach, while reading a book with her feet in the sand."
"three men on horses in a rodeo ring, the paint closest to the camera bucking the closes cowboy out of his saddle while he waves his hat and looks at the camera."
the road is torn up.
the young boy and 2 women are relatives.
two people are on horses.
a girl has light brown hair.
a boy slides into a big mud pit.
a man wearing a jersey is walking down a street.
two guys- one with a basketball in his hand- are jumping.
a young girl is holding a blue ball in both hands.
"there is a woman looking into her phone, standing next to a tree."
a young man is jumping his skateboard.
field hockey finals played by girls in uniform.
a skateboarder does tricks.
they make money by playing music
"a kayaker in whitewater rapids is between two rocks, while a bystander watches."
a shirtless white male with a hat is using a hammer to strike rocks in the wilderness.
a boy surrounded by people who seem to swirl around him.
the guy is playing rugby at the park.
an asian person holding a ping-pong paddle is looking up while a ping-pong ball is flying near their head.
the kid is wet.
two asian women in high heels walk down a dirt street outdoors.
a group of people at a fast food restaurant.
the little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear.
a girl wears white
some football players in blue jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
a young child prepares to throw a snowball.
"a man dressed in blue holding an orange bucket stands in the sea, with a swan-like bird in the distance."
large man gets around in a wheelchair by himself.
a girl wears a knit sweater.
a blonde woman standing by a blue wall.
there are people playing basketball at sunset on the first day of spring.
a dog slides by a parent and child and another dog.
an amish couple.
a man standing on a beach.
women are children are making noises.
a man is wearing a funky outfit to prom.
three friends try out the massage chairs at the mall.
a women is studying something with a microscope.
boy looks backwards to the camera while riding in a swing at an amusement park.
a person canoeing through river rapids in a blue canoe.
two guys have on skis.
two women sit in chairs waiting on a train
there are two people staring at each other.
the construction workers are fixing the roof.
the man and young boy are do surgery.
a car leaving the pit at a race.
a young woman has her picture taken by a photographer.
a woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.
the chef makes a flambe.
the seat is front of the organ is empty and everyone is wondering who will play it today.
a girl pilots a boat.
people at an outdoor bar.
the mother is posing with her baby
there is a woman in a skirt.
fall shoppers and bistro food lovers caught in the ebb and flow of the city.
a woman wearing a black top taking a picture of a man with a white shirt.
the gentleman carrying the flag is caucasian.
a marching band performs at a homecoming football game.
a man taking a picture while surrounded by people
a girl with her face painted stands with a red umbrella and some other girls.
a bicycle is parked in front of a shop that has a large orange sign.
a man with contact lenses walking through the woods on a cloudy day.
a girl with brown hair is at home since she is sick.
there are several people golfing.
a man is holding a strainer with a strange sauce in the kitchen.
two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night.
two asian girls in frocks share a picnic outdoors.
a tall man is holding up the white shirt he is wearing exposing is abdomen while sitting on a red motorbike.
a young girl dressed in a princess costume dress
small child in diaper playing with thomas trains.
the athlete is going to leap across the chasm in his living room.
african people are standing outside.
a girl is asleep in her bed.
married folks playing on a playground
a little girl in a dancing class.
a snowboarder goes down a house.
there is a man on a bicycle.
a young girl has shadows on her jean jacket
there's a band in the basement.
four men float in a blue boat while cattle graze nearby.
a motorcyclist is winning first place in a race
a woman wearing red takes a photo of a landmark.
a guy is water skiing.
elder man slicing cheese for show.
the man is standing in of his house that is being built.
two people are sliding.
a man holding two bags of soil enters a car.
"a girl is at a fair, while friends throw tomatoes at her."
dog licks paw
the teenager is facing towards the mountain backdrop.
there was an acrobat doing a trick.
people hike up the hill to the summit.
three dogs can't help but jump into the air.
"a woman is singing and playing the piano, at what appears to be a concert or event."
the dog is outside in a ski resort
a man of asian descent wearing red is leaning over another man of asian descent wearing blue who has fallen on the grass in the park on a sunny day.
the woman is a suspect in a crime.
there are five chefs in the kitchen.
the dog's owner is running with it
someone is pulling a big black bag onto a subway.
"after a day of sightseeing, a boy and his mother enjoy their time on a trampoline on brighton pier."
a man shows directions to a museum on a tablet to a woman nearby.
the boy is not a talented skater.
a child playing in the beach sand during a sunset.
a man is punching a punching bag
a cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park.
a girl holding a bucket splashes in the ocean.
a man in a black apron is preparing vegetables for a dinner party.
the children are blonde
a man is playing a special guitar and looking at a television.
three street musicians are playing jazz in front of a store.
several people are playing music.
a beaver on the shore of a stream.
a man riding a white horse in a rodeo.
people reading books in a library
a young boy is playing on beds.
the basketball player dunks the ball.
an old lady knits in a rocking chair.
two young people selling goods in a market.
a group of people near a pickup truck on a snowy street.
a man is resting on a couch reading a book.
brown-haired cooks are near food.
there is an apron.
a bus is traveling.
a man in a wedding party is playing with a hula hoop.
a man in a blue jacket is smiling as he walks down the street to go get a sub.
the dog runs along the beach.
a couple take a hike near the edge of a large canyon.
the guys are outdoors.
a young man in shorts and a polo shirt is carrying a garbage bag out of an empty lot with another man following him.
dog barks at cat
twenty men argue while they lift the heavy pallet of supplies.
a car parked with its wheels facing right.
the boy was on a barney mobile
there is a small blue tent
a man on a bicycle is talking to another man.
the shorts are blue
a young kid is riding a dirt bike.
a dog escapes from his sled pulling job.
a girl in a polka dot dress singing into a microphone.
a small baby in red is crying.
the children leaped into a pile of leaves.
a dog is carrying a stick through the forest.
a little asian girl with blue pants and a floral dress on is standing on a brown rug and holding her teddy bear.
a band is eating breakfast before they practice.
there are no bicyclists
the dog smells another dog.
a girl is holding flowers she picked.
a man is standing behind a giant green machine.
two musicians prepare for a concert.
the man is filming a commercial.
a girls face is upside
a girl is surfing towards the beach on an inflatable shark.
the people are religious
one man helps another attach a red ribbon to his forearm in the midst of a large group of people.
a man is walk in the park.
a circle of kids are gathered.
a person fouled the next while blocking the ball.
a funeral.
several people are in the snow.
laundry is folded in a laundomat
a small dog has a baseball.
an indian man wearing a turban walking on a sidewalk next to a busy road.
a man speaks over the loudspeaker.
a samurai is going to do a nun-chuck demonstration.
a person on the field gets ready to start
young girl leaps over a large ladder.
the baby is asleep in his crib.
a woman looks on as a man with folded arms is talking.
four women covered in tattoos are holding small flags.
an older lady is walking.
a man is rolling up a hose.
a group of ladies run a long distance
a man working on a concrete building.
a female spotted a boat in the distance while looking at the sea.
the two men are chatting on the football field.
a group of dogs wrestling in the mud.
a girl calls her office.
a grown man is pounding a beer on the swingset.
nicely dressed people are chillin in the grass.
an oriental man in a white shirt selling food outside.
a female with a bikini stands in front of a building.
2 boys in the foreground in a karate competition and coaches in background looking on with another coach sitting at table.
2 women sit across from one another in a hospital waiting room
a little girl in a green outfit wringing out an orange rag.
a hiker is squatting on the ground looking at a tree stump while his companion stands nearby holding a walking stick.
a cute little brown dog with a curly tail stands in the shade
a boy soccer player running down the field.
two men are running after the woman who stole their dog.
the wires are the same size.
a girl in a yellow scarf and black shirt is standing next to a scooter.
a child plays in the snow in the winter.
a man in the kitchen.
the dogs are purple and red.
a female swimmer is receiving a consolatory hug from a coach.
a dog is in the grass.
two white and brown dogs up against a fence.
a man wears clothing to match his white bowling ball.
the boy is trying out for the baseball team
two women are holding signs.
the kids were walking across the field.
a dog sniffs its food in the house.
two women play a game.
the boy with the lady has bose headphones.
a man is pole vaulting.
one person cares for another person.
two white dogs are running through a field.
the fountain is inside the house.
a baby without shoes is outside.
a boy is swimming underwater and bubbles are coming out of his mouth.
a young girl wearing a blue soccer strip is walking on the grass.
a woman strolls across a bridge outside
the boy is playing xbox.
"a cyclist on his bike jumps over a board in a large open grass field, during what appears to be a race."
the women has eggplant
a man outside with his bike
a businessman in a suit is talking on his cellphone while sitting on a white bench.
fruit on display at a store.
a man is shoveling snow near a red truck
the surfer catches the wave perfectly
a musician sings on stage.
a crowded outdoor food market.
the car is not upright.
a man sitting on a dock.
musicians are performing in the rain.
women sitting at a bar.
the two hockey players are nervous with the game on the line.
a man playing violin outside so he can gather offerings to send his son to college.
"five girls on rollerskates, three of which are colliding with one another."
a female has an animal in her arms.
two women show off kimonos as they walk down the street
a man waits for his date at a restaurant.
a bunch of people on a camping trip in july.
a group of men smoothing the rocks.
a dog is chasing a multicolored ball
children play in an inflatable pool.
the three boys love soccer.
there are several graphics of the food and associated prices.
a woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling.
"two men wrestle one in black wrestling gear the other in red, white, blue and gray while the referee leans in close."
they all play guitar
the two kids are on vacation.
men are playing a game of beach soccer.
"a middle-age man in black suit speaking into the mic, behind brown podium."
the young man is in his college dorm room.
"a woman is sitting in a tent, drinking."
a big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
a band is playing jazz music.
a man with a cane is sitting.
the advertisement is not very large.
a girl is wearing jeans
children are traveling through the streets.
"two men, a woman, and two young boys stand in front of a large gathering of people outside a building."
a black and white dog running in front of a brown dog in the grass.
they are at school watching a football game
the man is standing in the kitchen.
lots of people walking by a large castle like structure.
"an elderly woman is walking on a street filled with graffiti while dressed with a young, hip attire."
kids sitting down talk to each other.
a blonde girl is jumping on a couch.
two nuns stand on a street after laving a bar.
the young boy is naked.
a woman utilizes her laptop
a boy skateboarding during the winter.
the landmark is invisible.
an old man eats a banana.
two celebrities try to avoid the press.
a group of people all smiling.
a man is making balloon animals for a group of young children.
a race car is driving in a perfect line down the road.
a mother forces her kid to eat peas
a woman hiding.
two women with wet hair are hugging and laughing together.
"the female gymnast, wearing a navy blue uniform, concentrates, preparing for her next move on the balance beam."
a woman is selling hats at the beach.
man climbing wall
several people standing in silhouette looking over a balcony.
a man is carrying his daughter
a woman eating apples
the group is sitting in a snowy area.
doctor is performing heart surgery on a patient
a man and a woman are playing frisbee.
a runner is in front of a crowd.
the woman and child are dressed in casual clothing walking in the mall.
multiple people are waiting outside of a restaurant.
a father and a son are playing baseball.
three black dogs play in the glass.
a girl and boy are playing with buckets of water in the garden overlooking a lake.
the women are on a spiritual retreat together.
the dog is a professional race dog.
2 dogs are outside in the snow
"the entire group is wearing tutus, and leotards."
a man in a vest is playing an electric guitar in front of a supermarket.
the elderly woman is upset at the elderly man.
a man plays an acoustic guitar.
two guys are sitting together.
a group of swimmers getting ready to dive in a pool.
a group of students on a field trip from the local elementary school are seated in the same section of the theater.
"little boy about 5 or 6 years old wearing dark blue, dripping wet in either a lake or river."
a woman wearing traditional japanese attire walking.
two woman can walk
a man in drag with a note pinned to his chest operates a singer sewing machine.
the little male has clothes on.
seven people build a house in a field.
a mother and her son enjoy a day at a water park.
two women are playing instruments in the street
strangers are playing golf.
a boy practices t-ball for a game.
some persons at the puddle.
a man plays a guitar in a park with dogs around him.
a man is making a delivery in a truck.
a group of mountain climbers are scaling mt helen
person enjoying their water sports
a man wearing a light blue shirt and glasses is talking to two gentleman in front of his kiosk
a college basketball player happily rises for a jump shot.
a woman looks excited.
an asian woman is praying with a white candle
a black dog is pulling.
people walking on the beach.
two children are playing ice hockey on frozen ground outside.
men drink outside.
man in brown shirt and blue pants with a pole while two men look down at him form a fence.
young man returning home.
an employee makes coffee at a coffee shop.
a man in a crowded kitchen watching as his girlfriend prepares some food.
a lawyer draws up divorce papers.
a baby is holding a game controller.
"the dogs have just met, and are getting to know each other and play on the beach."
two men are eating inside.
a guy on the motorcycle.
there is a woman in a black hat and black jacket flirting with a man in a black jacket.
people wearing medical uniforms are next to a computer.
a woman is near a tent.
a man in a white shirt and black pants putting on gloves.
two little children with cameras are with a woman in bright clothing.
a woman was carrying a child in a picnic.
a man is watching tv in bed.
a lady with a variety of produce vending in the shade and weighing a slice of fruit.
male artist with no shirt and a tattoo on stage at an even with a microphone with a purple backdrop and stage lights above him.
the boy is a skater.
a woman in a chef's jacket is seated at a white table and writing in a book.
a group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.
three people race their bicycles in competition in the forest.
the horse or bronco is working properly.
the lady is surrendering to the police.
"a young man, wearing a red shirt and black pants, is challenging travelers to a dance-off in a terminal station."
a person cycling through snowy mountains.
the boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym.
2 siblings brushing hair
a woman is operating a computer.
a naked man stands in the gutter.
a man wheels his luggage past a window full of blooming flowers.
a boy walks near buildings.
two young boys are cleaning up fallen leaves.
a group of people dancing with onlookers near a railing.
a woman is dancing in the audience
two men with one man in front.
a woman is posing atop a scooter for some random tourist.
the man has a shovel.
the man is the gardener
"a man is sitting down at the laundromat, waiting for his clothing to dry."
"a little girl sitting on a bench, eating popcorn."
a boy is breaking a toy.
there is a man pointing at something.
a person is walking in the ocean waves.
a woman kneels in the dirt with paleontologist archeologist tools.
there are a lot of waves today that make the boat hard to paddle.
a group of friends are in the park laughing and walking while telling jokes
a spotlight is on several people who are wearing cowboy hats.
a man cuts firewood for the winter.
the woman is hosting a meeting with leprechauns.
a sleeping baby.
"a group of men are sitting down, applying makeup."
a girl is hanging around.
a baby is hold an adults fingers on the beach.
the two men are painting a mural.
a lady wearing a green sweatshirt and jeans sits on the ground and hits a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
a man dressed like santa is riding in a carriage during a parade.
the man in leather drew a crowd.
the people are waiting for the streetlight to change colors.
the dorm is having a costume party
the man has a wet hand
the restaurant has good rolls.
a group of people wearing orange and black play various types of drums as others watch.
a group of people are playing a game of cards from the perspective of one of the players.
the two men are standing by trays of food.
a little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
a small child in flip flops walks in the sand.
the young children are at the theater.
the cow is riding the boy.
a boy in a pool tilts his head back.
three sad kids playing soccer on a hill top.
the man is in the bench
there are people in seats.
"an oriental looking girl in pink pants, sitting on a little stool, eating out of a takeout box."
two field hockey players collide.
a girl and her mom are wearing matching outfits.
a woman owns a sailboat.
a male is at a hidden skate park with his friends.
there are two people in a room.
a man is sitting on the horse.
there is a crew setting up the band equipment.
"two guys outside, looks like in a parking lot, one guy is picking up a bike."
a man wearing a red coat is running a race.
a woman standing on a surfboard heads away from shore while going over a wave near a small boat.
the man is laying on a balcony.
a man rakes leaves between the two cars.
a person talking to another person without a shirt on.
a woman is holding a baby in one arm and a handbag on her shoulder.
the girls are playing tennis.
a man sits on a blue bench in front of a cobblestone wall between two trees.
there is a group of children playing on the swings.
a man and the group behind him are getting ready to go into the ocean.
a man in a green shirt and white hat repairing the fan of a customer waiting in line at his kiosk.
the woman has raised her hand for attention.
some people are sitting in seats under a white framed glass canopy.
the man is inside of an rv.
"skier with number 5 on uniform, skiing down snowy terrain, with snow covered mountains in background."
"two young girls, both in white dresses, stand by a horse drawn carriage."
a man with a beard stands in front of a mast.
the girl is running on the sidewalk.
a man inspecting meat in a kitchen
a kid stands near some buckets.
the dogs are at school and are learning how to speak.
the 3 dogs are sharing a big bowl of food.
there are at least two photographers.
all dressed up costumes
the painter is taking a rest from his job of painting a billboard.
dog stands in river
a group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.
a girl is throwing a softball.
old men play basketball in a gym.
workers doing maintenance on a yard
a woman in a purple sweater is holding three bags on a street.
the man being thrown off a horse is a professional horse rider.
people at a market buying and selling produce.
a group of boys plays soccer
the man is lifting a log.
a woman trains for a race
a man and child are outside.
kids are playing in the grass with toys.
a man is experimenting.
a man wearing an orange cap sits on a white bench beside a blue trashcan.
a girl in a white shirt kneeling down lighting a candle.
a person enjoys their hot chocolate.
nobody is being kissed.
a man and a woman in glasses are walking side-by-side on a busy pedestrian street.
two rodeo riders going after a young steer.
the team is outside.
a man is walking to a lake.
a boy is wearing a costume on a bike.
there is no-one in the room.
a dog has a saddle on and is outside running around.
school boys goof off for a picture.
the woman is laying in bed with a young girl.
a man sits next to his go cart in the jungle.
the boat is being sailed by a person.
a child is rollerblading.
2 men are outside
the old man points the lady to the store.
a girl is amused as she gets up unhurt from a fall off of her bike.
a motorcyclist navigates down a trail looking for his dog.
a boy runs alone on a track.
a dog has something to play with.
people escape from the fire.
twin sisters smile and pose together on a boat.
three men manually collect hay in a field.
three reporters are interviewing people.
the man and boy take pictures.
a group of people are inside of a cafe.
a teen shows off some new tricks over a set of stairs.
this african-american man is talking on the phone.
a man in a blue shirt is resting his dogs in the woods.
this is the boys first time on a tricycle.
two men are sweeping the floors of a temple.
a dog is walking near a body of water.
five girls are in front of a wall.
young girl flies
a brown and black puppy stands by a camera.
a man in a suit is having his shoes shined.
two women walk across a wet pavement.
two people in colorful robes and masks are party of an annual festival in a european city square.
a man with a green jacket and a black hat standing near a doorway.
soccer players wave to the stands.
a man in a blue football shirt carrying knick-knacks.
a tall person diving.
a woman in a hut cooking looking outside.
the runners are stretching.
the woman and girl posed posed with the cardinals mascot in the mall.
football kicked by a player.
children playing on an open grass area.
a man wearing gold underwear wrestling another man in front of a huge crowd at an indoor wrestling event.
a person in a skirt strolls past a man wearing a business suit.
the man is holding the computer.
the boys are outside on the water.
a brown-haired girl is shading herself with an umbrella.
a man is falling over the waterfall.
a woman is rinsing out a rag.
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal
four men carving in wood.
men white water rafting are about to drown.
the screen is showing the parts of a cell.
a musician is playing country music
a group of boys sit down to eat lunch
a group of teens hang out
the person is building a brick house at this location.
a boy puts his head on the desk
some people are flying kites at the beach.
the man is near a fire.
a man is playing a baseball game
the girls are looking toward the water.
the little girl and boy are entertained as the crowd watches.
children climb on a fence.
the child is running to the bus.
three women are hard at work at their desks.
a couple is holding a toy.
the man wears a green shirt
four dogs jumping in the air in a field.
a man wearing very little clothing is doing a jump on a red bicycle.
a man is playing blackjack
the young girl is heading for the beach.
man in green swim trunks carrying a surfboard along a rock wall to the ocean.
three friends watch ducks in the lake
a girl is looking at the world outside of the car.
a woman wearing yellow pants is kneeling next to an infant wearing a blue outfit.
the girls are wearing helmets.
a huge guy in a hat
two people relax on a beach
a woman and child eating at a restaurant.
people are tired.
a dog is walking on the road.
a child is playing with a  toy.
a group of friends are sitting inside of a library.
a dog is lying in the grass with a body of water beside him.
a lady is walking on a sidewalk downtown.
"a group of people dressed well, outside of 2 cars"
the group of people all watch as a storm moves in.
two people stand near a waterfall.
"three dogs run on wide, grassy, outdoor area."
a doctor wearing blue scrubs leans against a wall while watching others work on a patient.
two children near a frozen lake.
"group of people in historical costumes taking a break, seated and standing around a table."
two ladies sit down for coffee
the field has flowers.
the dog spots a fish in the water
a man making food for two customers.
a person in black prepares to battle a dragon with their mighty longsword
the lady is driving a car.
a boss helps out his employee.
a woman is wearing a very plain and boring dress.
the woman is selling cigarettes.
it is sunny at the lake.
there are 2 women next to a table selling make-up.
a man works on installing a floor.
"there aren't any trees for miles, just two children and an old tire."
a man in a white trench coat with a bag trying to make a phone call on a pay phone.
black big dog is trying to chew into soft toy.
there is an event.
people park at the dock.
two people are standing on the street entering a taxi cab
"two men are next to each other, with one holding a microphone."
a man and his wife and son are sitting in a meadow watching the sun set.
the workbench is shorter than the child.
the boy has a torso.
there are bunch of people trying to do some shopping.
a man  is embracing his girlfriend with his wearing styles
a young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches.
a man is doing a show.
a mother and child wait for the rest of their party outside a restaurant.
a toddler and a woman walk down the street.
they are driving in a car.
a child sleeps on xmas eve.
a woman is performing a martial arts move with her leg in the air in a gym with five teammates or competitors looking on.
"a band playing in an outdoor theater, along the river."
a man inside an elevator.
two young boys running on a grassy field
the ice cream man makes smoothies
a man in a white shirt sitting with a woman in a blue blouse.
a jug is jumping up it is being squirted with a jet of water.
people are outside in a crowd
a dark skinned boy is sleeping.
a man picks out greens at the market.
three black dogs are on a beach.
a man who appears to be a construction worker smiling at someone.
a man is seated in a tree.
a person is outside riding a cmall tractor and wearing a salmon colored polo shirt.
a barber wearing his white coat trims the beard of his customer wearing the red apron.
a little boy is playing soccer at a field.
a woman in a wetsuit aids a fish in need of attention.
the riders are outside.
a man is wearing a sweater.
a beauty pageant contestant is trying to win the pageant.
a man is riding a carousel with his child.
the boys are playing volleyball
an animal is moving.
a woman is applying blue eyeshadow with a q-tip.
the people are painting a room
"a woman in a black dress, stands alone, looking out to a city."
the photographer is shooting the models on a ledge
"a man in jeans and glasses stands next to a subway rail, leaning against a post and reading a book."
"a black dog jumps at a ball held by a man wearing blue jeans, a blue striped shirt, and a dark blue jacket."
a group of children are wearing medals.
the man is eating french fries
a skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope.
a construction worker in new york city remembers 911.
a woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies.
the girl is sitting down with her dog.
a man on stage.
two men are wearing their jackets outside.
they are in costume
the person is holding a camera.
"there are people in an open space and there is a boy in a black t-shirt with the word ""qualified"" on the back."
"two women in white shirts stand by a sink, one with a bowl and one holding a pen."
a person skateboarding
it looks like the holiday season at the bar.
a man in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.
a child wearing a rainbow striped shirt is pushing a toy cart.
two guys are playing baseball at night.
a boy is running from a deranged clown in a department store.
a dog playing with a kickball out in the yard.
a child is ringing a doorbell in costume
men are sitting on bags on the ground.
puppies eating chicks
two people stand in a truck outside.
several people in colorful clothing are working in a garment facility with a quantity of red fabric on tables.
a group stands on a football field for a picture.
a man is about to crash while surfing.
the woman is looking at a baby.
a man sitting on a stool is selling plastic housewares.
a man in a green jacket and captain's hat is on stage performing in front of an audience.
the woman is using a laptop.
the man is playing his keyboard in the snow.
the girls are running through the meadow.
a kid on bike rides at a skatepark
a couple goes on a date in a restaurant
there is a blond man smiling at a baby.
a man in a green shirt shows a woman his paychecks on a clipboard.
a woman reads on newspaper on a snow covered street.
a woman is painting flowers.
a group of people are carrying flags.
no one is near the pool
"a trio of male musicians are performing with one playing a guitar and singing into a microphone, another holding a harmonica, and the third playing a bass guitar."
a woman is walking down a busy street.
a girl in a striped bodysuit stands in a window's winter display.
a man is standing in the woods with his family.
a busy city scene during the rain.
several people are crossing a street in the rain.
the dog is chained up.
a woman in a pink shirt walking past a red traffic light.
two men are talking to an older lady they met at the bar.
the gentlemen in jacket is enjoying a game of tennis.
people stand by the house
a man runs away while a woman watches
there are men wearing tutus.
a man is sitting in the crowd.
two friends race on dirt bikes.
"an old man is outside and is looking at his jacket, contemplating putting it on or not"
there is a wedding taking place in the church.
the man wears a pair of jeans.
two people looking to make a phonecall to their mother.
a woman walking her cat.
a stallion is running through a field.
a man in blue underwear is leaning forward over a sink and looking into a mirror.
the boy is throwing a frisbee for the dog.
a baby is about to have her diaper changed by her mother
baseball field staff washing the clay that rings the outside of a baseball field.
the little girl is playing.
a woman is a professional artist.
hockey players drink gatorade
a man pressure washing in front of a fence and a large building.
a woman in a baseball hat and jeans squeezes a mop into a yellow bucket.
a girl is surrounded by old candle lanterns.
two humans perform some music
a couple is dancing in costa rican outfits.
a boy is diving into water with boats in background.
two men reading novels.
a man gets his bike ready for a competition.
group of people entertaining the crowd with their band.
a person is screaming.
a man in a red hat rides a green bicycle
women walk with bikinis on a sunny day.
the boy is thinking about candy.
"young boy looking at a purple letter ""p"" the hand in front of him is holding."
a man and a couple of ladies are walking.
the girl in the white is dribbling the ball while the girl in black plays defense during a girls basketball game.
a woman is soldering a piece of metal as a man watches.
a boy plays in a pool with a toy.
the people waited for the exit to open once the movie was over
the men are getting ready to play some music from the musical score.
a group of large white and orange dogs are in the grass.
a woman walking a dog on the beach.
two people row a boat past rocks in water.
the man is at the train station.
"the woman is wearing nothing except a hula skirt, a coconut bra, and a hibiscus blossom. ditto the sheep."
the toddler is older than one week old.
"three people walking along rocks, going to go fish"
the man and his daughter are standing on turf.
the three girls look at the ocean while dressed the same.
a crazy man is plotting how to attack from above.
a skateboarder is being filmed for a video
a woman is speaking to a group of kids.
all of the protestors have their hands down and clenched at their sides.
"a baby, in a safety seat, takes a bath and is surrounded by toys."
the photographer threw a ball to them.
two women are drinking coffee at a caf.
a man is trying to show others what a banana looks like
people are dancing in snow.
 boy walking along a ledge.
the family is spending time togethor.
the woman was in the way
the boy is playing catch.
the girl rode her bike.
five young people sit together.
friends are going to a seafood restaurant.
a man is on his knees
the children are under 7 feet tall each.
the fans cheered thier team on.
tow boys are playing soccer.
woman holding newborn baby.
three people wearing life preservers are enjoying some fun in the water.
a skateboarding competition in progress.
"a man sits enjoying the weather, as shoppers stroll by with groceries."
the men are in their twenties.
two men are going for a swim.
he is holding a snake.
a fiirefigeher near a street walk
a happy group of people.
a woman is dancing on the street.
a group of people watching a video.
a youn woman on a man's back walking down a cement path with another couple behind them holding hands.
there is only on swan.
the lorikeet is black.
a hamster sits on a girl's lap.
"two men, one in a chef's uniform and one in a black jacket, cook food in a kitchen."
a man who is wearing team attire races on his bike on a road as the background is blurry.
professional football players practice.
a man sits on a school bus while another walks down the aisle.
there are multiple motorcycles.
a diver taking a photo of himself with one other diver posing in the background.
a man is carrying his son and his toys on the bicycle.
the football player is trying to get away.
a marine holds two children's hands as they wait for a car to go by.
people are ready to go down hill on snow.
a man and a woman pose near their christmas tree.
a fireman is sleeping.
several people are relaxing on a beach.
the vehicle is being ridden by a young person with light hair.
the girl is at the playground
a fruit seller is taking pictures to help create an advertisment.
the cowboy is trying to lasso a horse.
breakdancer at party spins on his head on the dancefloor
the boys are playing a soccer game
a girl is holding a cylinder.
a girl taking a picture of a baby.
an old woman prepares food with a rolling pin.
a dog is wearing a bandanna on his birthday.
a married couple is on a date.
the man in the green apron is doing yard work
a white man on a subway reading a magazine sitting between two men of middle east ethnicity.
the man is in an eating establishment.
a man in a cap and a black jacket is juggling in the street.
there are two hores
people are playing offense and defense in basketball.
the group is near the men with turbans to learn about their culture.
an older man had a bad day at work
two students walk carefully carrying their project to school.
a young child in a jacket is standing in a field.
five giggling children sit on a green bench in a park
a man singing at a party
a football player tackled another player
a woman reads wearing a parka.
an older man on a bench taking notes on his surroundings.
people dressed in red are crossing a bridge to complete a competition.
two guys holding a flag are taking photos.
"twelve children gather in an outdoor, tropical location."
a man works with a puppet and a musical instrument.
three men working concessions in front of a restaurant.
"4 fireman on a firetruck looking very tired, brick building behind them, and a hand to the bottom left."
a woman in black boots and jeans works on a ladder to screw in a lightbulb.
two women talk with a man wearing a leather jacket
humans in hats.
the surfer is riding the wave.
there is an old man with a cart in front of the shoe store.
the men are attending a ceremony.
a young girl in white has pinned down another girl wearing blue that is lying face down on the ground.
a woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road with a pillow and plant secured to the backseat.
a dogs is in the water in a rocky cove.
a dog is digging a hole in the dirt
the young man in a jersey is on the ultimate frisbee team.
a girl throws a pizza at a zebra.
several people are wearing clothing.
the beagle enjoys playing a game of fetch.
basketball players in a fight on the court.
two men in surgeons' gowns are completing an operation in an or.
there are five people sitting around a coffee table going over some paperwork.
two men in shorts a midst a crowd of people outside.
the little leaguers play at night.
a boy and a girl have a staring contest while waiting for the train
a brown dog runs in the grass with a wooden fence behind.
a couple is inside watching tv.
the old lady shuffles down the hall with her walker.
she is admiring the paintings.
four young boys are inside holding guns.
a girl holding a frisbee close to her face.
a woman in a skirt is walking down the street.
older man with white shirt and gray shorts and sandals walks with older female with an orange hat and purse.
a boy is sitting on a black boat with two flags on long poles.
two dogs are playing around with a bottle.
there is a slide.
the man is not looking at the camera.
a snowboarder is completing a jump.
two dogs are about to fight outside.
skiiers prepare to zoom down the mountain.
a st. patricks day parade in brooklyn.
two young boys practice kick-boxing.
a girl with her arm around a boy covering his face.
two people waiting for friends to join them at a restaurant.
the woman knows the boy.
two girls at six flags
a cat is running down a rocky beach
"a young woman, dressed in casual, black clothing, is holding a bat and about to strike the baseball."
two people ride together on a black motorcycle.
the man is the father of the child for whom the party is being thrown.
a woman is holding a boy.
the women are at a market
the dog walking through the snow is licking his nose.
there is a man on a surfboard.
two men in harnesses work on a construction project.
the dog is covered in snow.
some people are fishing from a boat.
a man in a red sweater reading the newspaper.
men and women at an open-air market buying.
a man in a straw hat playing the drum.
the dog runs across the green lush grass.
a girl running across the park
"this man is in camouflage clothing, in a wilderness area, aiming a camera."
two men travel down the river in a boat.
peopel are at the lake
a swimmer smiles as she does the breaststroke.
two men in silly glasses sit on the floor.
the gray dog is gnawing the man's arm off.
two men are deep in discussion next to a produce stand.
people are riding mopeds in the park.
the students are in the same grade.
there are lady's looking in the window of an asian restaurant.
sean white is wearing a red jacket and snowboarding down a black diamond trail.
this young man has no peircings or accesories.
a single person sitting down for dinner.
a tall person posing
a young blond woman wearing a hat and sunglasses talks on her cellphone.
a woman in glasses and a pink dressing standing in the street.
two children are falling asleep.
the young boys are in a casino.
a girl makes a cake.
a boy is being quiet
a woman is at a track and field competition.
a dog is sleeping near a child's sandbox.
two men in black are walking on the sidewalk.
a woman is talking to friends under a church.
fencers are competing for the championship.
a man in a blue shirt and brown baseball hat eating eggs at a restaurant.
a bride looking at a bouquet of flowers.
a blond girl wearing a blue hat is working with yarn.
a newlywed couple is on a plane.
a group of older women sitting across from one another talking.
two men and a woman are building a fort in the backyard.
a man is selling some vegetables.
a man with his hands raised among other people.
the women are pretty
the man is a crook
the players are in the bar playing pool.
a crowd is watching the movie titanic on a television.
a man sitting at a desk drinking coffee.
men are singing.
a man and woman are looking at an exhibit entitled' other people's photographs'.
the animal is looking for food.
a large white bird flying over water.
a group of musicians and singers practice.
a motorcyclist gazes upon the natural world.
a person wearing beige snow clothes is flying in the air on a snowboard.
a man is using a welding torch.
a woman is painting her house.
guys are digging in the ground
a business man is getting lunch.
a child wearing black and white swim gear kneeling in shallow water over a plastic yellow boat filled with wet sand.
a human dives.
the girl is sitting on a chair.
a maid is wearing a black uniform and mopping the floor of a palace.
a woman is putting make-up on.
the child is tuning pianis
there is more then one bike
three people are walking through a field of tall grass.
an older asian lady is fanning herself.
a girl learning at a classroom.
the man has a tennis racket
children listen to a teacher read a story.
a man sells coffee.
a woman is holding heir child wearing blue.
woman in hat carousing on the street with shopping bag in tow.
a person clad in a robe shows an object to the crowd
five men in white short-sleeved shirts and ties stand in a parking lot.
one person takes shower
a crowd is present at a bar.
she slides down the pole
two boys refuse to play hockey anymore and play soccer
a group of people are standing outside.
a group of people camping sleep outside
a band plays music on a sunny day at the beach.
two big dogs are chasing after the same ball
the man playing an instrument wore glasses.
he is dancing at a wedding.
a person is fixing the wheel of his bike.
this is a band of singers and their accompaniment.
the person has a headache
the boys is throwing rocks at his sister
there is a boy running by
a man selling fresh seafood.
the people in sunglasses are chatting and having a smoke.
a man is browsing for goods.
a band is performing dance music.
"two young girls are trekking through deep snow, one is wearing a white coat and the other a purple and gray coat."
the man throws tomatoes at the women while they tell jokes.
the old man is wearing a red tank top
people are watching a famous tournament while on vacation.
a dog jumping over a barrier on a course
a man is jumping in the air
the young boy is waiting for the train.
a group of people ride scooters and motorcycles on a street.
a bearded man is drawing a flag on the ground in the parking lot with some chalk.
a man is working with stones
a man is providing some in flight entertainment.
some boys are sleeping
a man in green pants walking down the road.
a man in khakis stand in his neighbors doorway.
three freinds sit next to the track.
a man in a yellow short and shorts juggles knives.
two women dress in dark clothes for a funeral.
a group of children are outside dressed in blue in a fenced in area.
a person is riding a bike while juggling puppies.
the two men are performing on a stage.
a huge car is parked.
the man is falling off the cliff.
a man chases a boy down an elevated hallway.
a kid is near a pool.
a man on a skateboard
there is a group of boys wearing orange jerseys playing basketball.
a small girl is sitting on a completed snowman.
all of the vendors have white umbrellas.
the baby is lying on the floor laughing.
a child is running through a blue fountain
the american flag is being held by a happy toddler with blond-hair.
a girl is not wearing sandals.
two women carrying bags full of groceries.
a boy just got done playing baseball.
a kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
here is a man with a mustache and glasses and working on a bicycle wheel.
a man is taking a picture of his waiter delivering food so he can post it to his social media account.
the couple is trying to cheer up the other.
females are armwrestling each other.
a cat is running in the yard.
some women knitting.
two people relaxing after work.
a man preparing his net for fishing.
man falling off a tightrope
a person is falling off their surfboard.
a little girl holds a tire iron.
a golden retriever licks his nose to cool himself off after laying in the sun all morning.
the child is wearing a green shirt
the young man is watching as other people are playing pool.
the kayak tips over.
a man sits alone in a chair indoors.
a young boy is walking in a grassy field.
three people posing in a school room.
the man is alone in a room.
a man flies a kite
a group of boys plays soccer.
there are white boats
the man is sitting in a church pew.
a woman sells vegetables to get by.
the dog is with it's owner.
a young woman is taking a nap in her bed.
a person is driving to work.
a boy studies at home
a group of people are cleaning up the outside of a house.
the two people are eating at a diner.
a little girl is looking through a telescope at the beach.
the dogs look at the snake in the grass.
two girls play tag in the woods.
a group plays volleyball on a sunny beach.
a man is infront of a crowd.
four young men in room surrounded by books.
a person sits in a room.
a pair of dogs are playing poker
a white cat jumps over a stick
a single person practices inside a classroom.
the children in the pool have baseball bats as arms
a dog bites an arm.
the women are looking at the camera.
one male and one woman clown looking at a person in a pink triangular shaped costume.
a girl waits at the dining room table for her cassarole to get done.
a man chases his son through the yard.
a mime performs on a street corner.
an individual in clothes is dancing without shoes.
the person is very athletic.
jim works from a coffee shop.
the kids are running through the park.
three friends are handing out.
the man with the green shirt and beard  was sitting at a bus stop
"an aging white man stands behind a bar in casual dress, smiling."
two young children are playing with a bubble-maker.
a man is standing on a skateboard.
a woman sells newspapers.
the man is wearing a cap and holding onto a sign.
the trapeze artist is high above the ground.
the man enjoys tanning by the side of the pool.
a boy is holding an american flag with a black cap on.
the tractor is driving down main street.
a boy in his boxers strikes a powerful pose.
two girls crouch in front of a garden of small shrubbery.
a soccer player diving on the field.
a guy is talking about politics with the man sitting on the bench.
the vendor is making sales
a famous poet sells his work at an outdoor event.
a man does illegal graffiti.
a man watches girls while smoking a cigar.
serena williams prepares to hit the tennis ball.
"a man is walking down a sidewalk under a ""lounge bar"" sign."
a man is running by a pole with a no pets sign.
a filled trashcan with graffiti on it.
two construction vehicles are being carried down a road.
someone is a red helmet parked with their bike.
machine climbs hill.
a family eating at the dining room table.
two men fixing drag queen's costume.
adults watch children destroy a tower of blocks.
a surfer doesn't have his surfboard.
the people have no bird food.
car driving on a lot
a tour guide is explaining the rules on a sign.
the younger people are inside the house.
man and women walking side by side on the street.
a medical professional is making a diagnosis.
"a man wearing a white helmet, yellow vest and blue pants is sitting on a motorcycle."
"two men are at home, fast asleep."
two men are doing repair work.
a young man is parasailing on a cloudy day.
bob was taking score.
a mother pulls her daughter on a sled in the snow.
the roller derby is intense.
athletes playing in the mud.
an upside down man is performing using a powerful statement near a construction site.
three woman talking and eating cake.
a man reaches for a movie he wants to rent.
four guys plant trees on the street.
the girl is painting
the girl is an expert hooper.
the young boy is being held by the young girl.
a brown and white dog runs across the grass.
a group of men swim in a pool.
they are street performers making a living.
two women are crying and sad at a funeral.
the spectators are cold because the bleachers are made of aluminum.
an asian woman eating rice in front of a yellow building.
a woman is enjoying a conversation.
a boy is standing in a field pushing a wagon with his finger.
a man stands on a deck outside.
construction workers wearing orange suits and helmets work on a multi leveled project
two people are waiting for the subway so they can get a ride to work.
the girls fell while climbing a fence.
the most wonderful asian food court!
a woman is waiting for a her friend.
man makes vulgar gesture to the camera while the others around him eat.
three men sitting on rocks outside
the women are eating hot dogs
people wear rainbow colored coveralls in a bike race.
there are people clapping around a man dressed in black
a girl in a red and black striped shirt sits on a brick wall in front of a tropical plant.
a man drinking a soda is standing in front of a bench near a group of people sitting
two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
"hockey players wear a very decorated jersey with advertisers, while walking next to a woman wearing a shirt saying ""bliss"" amongst a crowd of onlookers."
a man is leaning on a pole by the building.
the two girls are eating and taking photos.
"a man in costume plays the keyboard in front of a sign reading ""sin with sebastian""."
"in a wooded setting, two women are holding their arms in the air to form a bridge and one woman is going under their arms, while two children stand nearby."
a man in a football helmet looks around.
the boy wearing white is leaping from the swing.
a bride holds roses for her wedding while a groom watches
a man in blue overalls is pleasing the crowd with his stunts.
children are getting wet with mud water.
a man with a red shirt getting ready for a barbecue.
the chocolate lab runs through a lawn sprinkler.
small children are getting off a school bus.
many of the dishes contain rice.
people doing tricks
a duck flying through the sky.
the fox and bear have brown fur
tbe boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path.
there is only one computer with 3 people sitting at a round table.
two boys are holding hands.
men are working on the foundation of a building.
a person is lying down in front of a bunch of trees.
a group of cyclist begin their race across a bridge.
two boys were playing in the water.
the man is carrying a trash bag.
"the man is very confused, just look at his outfit."
little black girl in a swimming suite is being sprayed by a water fountain.
a girl wearing a hat near a domino's pizza sign.
two women are talking to a man in a wheelchair.
a woman rides a scooter
the man is outside hunting.
a boy is kicking a ball while adults look on.
women with red-hair and white and black shirt with an o face.
a child is sleeping in her bed.
the crowd listening to the man play guitar.
man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
two east indian women wearing traditional garb are dancing on stage.
the man is performing surgery.
one man and three women pose for the camera.
men and women strolling in the park on the sidewalk.
men are playing music.
a white dog with brown and black markings frolics in snow.
two white dogs swimming in the ocean.
a male looking through the window of his bugatti.
the woman lost her teeth doing drugs.
there are people who are congregating a train station.
young child wearing a dirty shirt and sitting by a run down wooden structure.
three girls wait for a family to pass.
the girl is wearing pink headphones and is listening to music.
a group of children standing in a lake in shoulder high water while one boy is balancing on the shoulders of two other boys.
parents get involved in the outdoor musical festivities by helping children play hand drums.
a man is swimming with his cat.
the woman is eating a pancake.
one man uses a microsope while indoors.
man with gray hair and a white shirt kneels amid bikes.
a black and white man having a racial conflict.
"the squirrel is cold, and jumps to stay warm."
a shirtless man is making a heart sign.
"five people sit inside some kind of public transportation, most likely a train."
four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
four boy scouts perform on stage.
there are works of art around the professionals.
the girl's feet aren't touching the ground.
the girls are having dinner.
a person with a haircut.
there is a dog sitting in a room.
"the dog is swimming through the ocean, trying to get the stick his owner threw in"
two black dogs fetch a tennis ball at the beach.
all the people are running to avoid the tsunami.
"a woman dressed in a black jump suit climbed up the wall, moving slowly as she neared the top."
the girl is near her presents.
a young man and young lady both in purple and wearing yellow berets.
a conductor and child stand in a train.
a dog's leash is tied to a pole next to the car.
band playing a birthday song
beach patrol guards are sleeping outside at night.
a woman walking with a beverage in her right hand.
a dog jumps a fence.
a person stands on a solid object.
a couple people walking past a their store.
two men sleep outside.
the people are digging.
two best friends drink a glass of draft beer together.
man holding fish.
he stood over the mountaintop looking over the ocean.
a sad man does tricks with a skateboard off the front of a building.
they boy is sleeping.
girl wearing nothing
band playing at what seems to be a living room.
a man is doing something to a bike.
the man and women is laying on the couch smiling.
a structure is ablaze.
a person is baking a cake in a kitchen.
a woman peers out her windows at the trees.
man in red vest puts down his tools and throws out a piece of wood shaped like a stump
"a young asian girl in a blue dress, around six years old, is twirling a pink hula hoop around her waist while standing on a well-cut lawn in front of a wooden fence and some bushes and shrubs bordering the yard."
a mime applying his makeup.
an old man attends to his fruit patch.
a woman enjoying being away from home.
several people stood near a table.
there is a group of people outside
a man in a black jacket is standing at the top of a mountain.
two girls are awake from one to many red bull drinks.
a black dog is outside in 100 degree weather.
a girl is splashing around in the waters outside.
people are moving down the street.
there are more than one person in the picture.
three boys are eating dinner at the table.
the man is in a kitchen.
some onions are larger than others.
at the boundary lines of the soccer field is a man with a ball.
a person is riding an atv up and down the dunes performing tricks.
two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks
a man is looking for his storage trailer.
a man is getting ready for halloween.
a young man and older woman laugh.
a small boy walks down a wooden path in the woods.
he is sleeping on the grass because he is tired.
the two men are doing repairs on the building.
the man is sitting on a couch.
the men are near the water.
a child plays outside
people getting ready to take a river trip.
the people hate being in a circle.
a group of musicians playing some music in front of a building.
two people are talking in a hallway.
a group of people display ribbons won by their dogs.
a man is looking at a shower wall made of glass
two men standing next to a fire at night.
a boy holding elephant tusks.
a female dancer is wearing a red dress
a smiling child runs througn a floor fountain in a city as other people around him watch outside.
some people pose together.
a dog napping on a couch.
a girl wearing a spiderman costume is playing on the play ground.
"a woman sunbathing on the roof of a building in a black bathing suit, with other buildings in the distance."
a bright red car is racing car
a person is walking to his job.
the 2 people are talking about their future while relaxing on the tree swings.
a skier sitting in front of the fire in the lodge.
a dog bites a human.
a woman with a backpack is standing next to a bicycle.
a baby is wearing clothes.
a room filled with many officials who are taking a vote.
scientists run to publish their results.
three bicyclists are riding in a pack.
a woman is walking across the street with 4 children.
a band performs for nobody at all.
an adult and a child walking past a tree in front of a vandalized building.
the two men love each other
a man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean.
the people are in their backyard.
the dog is dreaming.
a guy is helping another person with handstands.
the skateboarder sometimes falls when he tries to do tricks.
the person tries to hit two ping pong balls at the same time with a canoe paddle.
the man is bench pressing weights at the gym.
a man is doing a jump on the surfboard near other people in the water.
a boy in blue shorts with yellow stripes down the sides is leaping.
